English	Polish	reluctant	niechêtny	People who have had that sort of bad experience are reluctant to return and warn off their friends and acquaintances as well.	The truth is that the disciples were very reluctant to believe in Christ's miracles.	Publicans say the licensed trade is dying in Bradford as people are reluctant to re-open businesses which were damaged during the riots.	Some are in townships and inner city suburbs where banks have been reluctant to lend to potential buyers.	Accompanied by the reluctant Alan, she begins shadowing him and tracing his movements.	I became the reluctant owner of another pair of trousers, a new top, and a couple of T-shirts.	The Tokelauans, a Polynesian people, are reluctant over any change in status which would create the world's ultimate microstate.	Little wonder that many women were reluctant to migrate to the colonies, just as some of their 19th century descendants resisted moving westward.	Severely affected birds may have a marked bowing of the tibia, be reluctant to move, and have a stilted gait.	She is a reluctant celebrity, finding extreme discomfort in the self-congratulatory world of literary awards.	Crackdowns by the Criminal Assets Bureau have made criminals reluctant to bank their money in the republic.	Mr Wilson was brought up on a market garden in Kent, but was a reluctant horticulturalist.	Blain is reluctant to make forecasts, and in team meetings the mantra of one game at a time has been chanted, borne of bitter experience.	I was reluctant to have the party but my daughter and wife said not to be selfish and talked me into it.	After quickly saddling and bridling Fleet, he grabbed the bay's reins and pulled the reluctant gelding outside into the pouring rain.	So why then are the surgeons so reluctant to operate on conscious patients?	The guy was reluctant at first and refused to come with me, but I could tell he needed my help.	The shy birds were reluctant to cache when observed and often made fake deposits.	A knock on the door roused me from my seat a moment later, and I was more than a little reluctant to answer it.	Some armigers are reluctant to use their heraldry as they feel that to do so may seem somewhat pretentious.	While reluctant to pinpoint the event as a sign of renewed faction fighting, he said police were monitoring the situation.	She's reluctant to suggest that women are staying away from the polling booths because they're merely apathetic.	Hastie was previously reluctant to reveal details of the contracts until he was sure the company had a secure future.	She was reluctant to leave but headed off into the darkness, reins fastened to the saddle and stirrups run up the leathers.	Although I understand their concern I am quite reluctant to get an amnio and take any risk.	Perhaps he was simply reluctant to reopen a debate that came to define, if not paralyse, much of his second term.	For one thing, the Yemeni might be reluctant to see the investigation stray into uncomfortable areas.	But investors are reluctant to take on long-term risk given the uncertainties over the economy.	Government officials always seem so reluctant to define qualifications for recipients of social welfare.	Though the Supreme Court has now endorsed the reform process, most of its members were reluctant converts at best.	Oddly enough, he found himself reluctant to share any specifics of that night.	Courts are rightly reluctant to judge what statements in political ads are merely misleading.	The answer did not completely satisfy the other young woman, but she nodded in reluctant acceptance.	What on earth could be in our files that made them so reluctant to give us access?	By now we're reluctant to relinquish them, so like a part of our bodies have they become.	First, courts have not always been reluctant to adjudicate allocations of resources.	His writings are a model of lucidity and a pleasure to read, though he confessed that he was a reluctant writer.	Keane was reluctant to discuss further United's chances of re-entering the title race.	We scramble between fishing rods, cameras and delicious crab claws, reluctant to sacrifice any of the three.	Council seemed reluctant to implement most of the requests without further study, though some seemed agreeable to the 2003 tax-freeze idea.	I was reluctant but not stubborn, I listened to what he had to say because I value him and his opinions.	In a lesser artist and person, we might have suspected mere affectation, or an attempt at playing the reluctant genius.	Blanche wormed the details out of a very reluctant Stella with much coaxing and promising of new clothes.	The reluctant heroes are whisked off into space for their biggest role ever.	Zack was reluctant and frowning, but I exercised fatherly priviledge and basically railroaded him into the trip.	Latham seems to be a reluctant joiner whereas Abbott is naturally gregarious.	Thus banks now have excess funds as they are reluctant to channel money into the high-risk real sector, that owes a massive amount of bad debts to the banks.	Some of the most explosive opportunities could be based around things that the Western world seems reluctant to adopt.	Here, some reluctant participants at a family reunion are transformed in a beatific bunch by a ride in the Caravan.	If the buyer prefered to avoid that route, well, Danny says he would be reluctant to sell the firearm.	Despite ASEAN's strong request, Japan was earlier reluctant to accede to the treaty amid worries that the pact could constrain its security alliance with the United States.	Chavez was reluctant to discuss an active investigation, so he told me an intricate story that is a composite of real meth cases.	He seems reluctant to advertise the fact he has a cousin from France.	Mind you, I would be reluctant, to send a ravenous band of travel-worn tourists there for a late-night meal, without first having made a reservation.	These reluctant leaders tamed disorderly rebels into a disciplined force, and sought enough concessions from the king to send the commons home content.	And even EMS dispatch vets, generally reluctant to second-guess the work of one of their own, have piled on.	On the other hand, politicians have been markedly reluctant to reduce pluralism in office holding, which is largely responsible for establishing them as a caste.	In the past, companies were reluctant to share information with suppliers.	But people appear increasingly reluctant to intervene in public places.	One of the lessons learned from the programme was how reluctant the potential owners and tenants were to invest in historic buildings before restoration.	I see Christy grin as she drags a reluctant Mike onto the dance floor.	Risk-averse oil companies are simply reluctant to spend money.	It made victims reluctant to prosecute, and juries loath to convict.	Interest groups are reluctant to associate closely or openly with political parties, and the Labour party's connections with the trade unions have been loosened.	Coddington, the reluctant celebrity, shares the facts of her life in her memoir but she is grudging with emotional revelations.	Consumers, hamstrung by low confidence and a weak recovery, are reluctant to spend and borrow.	Europeans are reluctant to describe the Brussels museum shooting as an anti-Semitic hate crime.	I was somewhat reluctant to say I told you so, but there you have it.	Journalism assumes an immutable truth, that a few more calls, a bit more reporting will tease it out of reluctant informants.	The Ukranian marksman seems reluctant to play with a protective mask, and will in all probability miss out to be replaced again by Jon Dahl Tomasson.	A stubborn defender of his own beliefs, and commendably reluctant to bow and scrape at the altar of the Old Firm, he may have overstepped the mark this time.	Some in Sulawesi and Papua provinces, expected to be the hardest hit, remained reluctant to leave, despite the 2004 experience.	If the plaintiff has a strong and apparently meritorious claim the court is reluctant to make an order which may have the effect of shutting the plaintiff out.	Further, the news that the kilo is in such imminent danger of extinction will no doubt be seen as a vindication by Brits reluctant to sell their fruit and veg in metric units.	Most microscopists held that the blood of different mammals could not be differentiated, and so were reluctant to testify when a defendant's life might be at stake.	As children solidly learn the transitivity status of particular verbs, they become more reluctant to use those verbs in other argument structure constructions.	I personally thought that Carina would be rather reluctant to give up the position of King's mistress even if Edmund had promised her nothing more.	The women often did not have paid sick days and were reluctant to take time off for illness as it meant they would have extra work when they returned.	Some appear to have been reluctant to take up lands in a kingdom that did not always appear pacified.	However, the Turkish army in Egypt was reluctant to go to Yemen due to their knowledge of the hegemony of the northern Yemenis.	Russian troops have taken part in a huge unexpected exercises near the 3 Baltic statelets, which were reluctant members of the Soviet Union.	Released from his pen in the Westman Islands, he was reluctant to join killer whale pods.	Originally from Woolstock, Iowa, Reeves had been reluctant to accept the lead role in the Adventures Of Superman TV series.	Authorities have been reluctant to prosecute the publishers and authors of xenophobic and anti Semiticpublications that flooded Russiancities.	The boss was reluctant to assert his authority over his employees.	Nevertheless, the Dutch government remained reluctant to teach Dutch on a large scale for fear of destabilising the colony.	When the English retreated, De Ruyter was reluctant to follow, perhaps because of lack of gunpowder.	Roosevelt was reluctant to publicly announce his plans for creating a postwar international body.	The Luftwaffe wanted to achieve victory on its own, and was reluctant to cooperate with the navy.	The council was reluctant to enforce the subscription requirement, as only a few citizens had subscribed to their confession of faith.	Chadwick was reluctant to move Tube Alloys there, believing that the United Kingdom was a better location for the isotope separation plant.	The city's economic decline left its elite dependent on royal and ecclesiastical appointment and thus, reluctant to advocate independence.	I am not a joiner. I am reluctant to sign up as a member of any organization, because I generally can't find myself or my ideas in it.	Though he thought of religion as a tribal survival strategy, Darwin was reluctant to give up the idea of God as an ultimate lawgiver.	We discussed with the patient the option of intraoperative drainage and possible partial orchiectomy, but he was reluctant.	This decision was warmly approved by many leading nobles of the court, but Isabella was reluctant to take such drastic measures.	David Nicholls is a reluctant acceptor of the 'sprint king' tag but there are few better in readying speedballs for the big day.	Denmark was poorly prepared for the war and Norway was reluctant to attack Sweden, which left the Swedes in a good position.	Suetonius said that Octavian was reluctant to proscribe officials, but did pursue his enemies with more rigor than the other triumvirs.	Religious differentiation left the Ukrainian Orthodox peasants leaderless, as they were reluctant to follow the Ukrainian nobles.	Experienced boat builders are reluctant to use even 316 below the water line in a boat permanently in salt water.	It was a large and proud force which was reluctant to merge with Devon and Cornwall in 1967 by order of the Home Secretary.	Initially headquarters in England were reluctant to accept that full evacuation from France was necessary.	Wales legend Quinnell knows better than most the heart-breaking despair of a Lions journey that ends with a reluctant call for a breakdown truck.	Newton had been reluctant to publish his calculus because he feared controversy and criticism.	But the hospital administration is reluctant to increase the vacation time, since they recently increased CRNA salaries.	However, many were reluctant to leave, did not obey the eviction notices, and were evicted with force.	With Sweden's reluctant agreement, this became the first European international agreement concluded directly through the League.	Sanctions could hurt League members, so they were reluctant to comply with them.	Much of this was now in the hands of the nobles, who were reluctant to give up their possessions.	Members of the nobility were probably reluctant to pursue each other over matters of religion because of strong personal and social ties.	Initially, the PGA of America was reluctant to allow Louis to enter the event, having a bylaw at the time limiting PGA membership to Caucasians.	Britten, though a reluctant conductor and a nervous pianist, was greatly sought after in both capacities.	Some have suggested that his stammer made him reluctant to take the step, because he was afraid of having to preach.	Even when Icelanders do not explicitly express their belief, they are often reluctant to express disbelief.	Pound broadcast over Rome Radio, although the Italian government was at first reluctant, concerned that he might be a double agent.	Vanarrogan's lucid explanations may even inspire otherwise reluctant lecturers to tackle difficult topics such as Molinism in a freshman course.	This was George Tierney who was reluctant to accept the leadership and had weak support from his party.	Because of their mass production techniques they were reluctant and slow to retool for new technologies such as shuttleless looms.	But bankers were reluctant to invest in failing banks, and the National Credit Corporation did almost nothing to address the problem.	Dormice are almost completely arboreal in habit but much less reluctant to cross open ground than was thought even recently.	After offering gifts, making promises, and hinting at the consequences of noncompliance, the Portuguese finally received Kwamin Ansah's reluctant agreement.	Harbor seals are sometimes reluctant to haul out in the presence of humans, so shoreline development and access must be carefully studied in known locations of seal haul out.	Debate has continued into the 21st century as to whether Edward was a lazy and incompetent king, or simply a reluctant and ultimately unsuccessful ruler.	This may have made Rawlinson reluctant to stand up to Haig thereafter.	On the other hand, some moderate nationalists have been reluctant to use Irish too due to the negative connotations associated with the language's use.	These issues make highway agencies very reluctant to try RTR technology.	British railway companies have been reluctant to disclose figures for drawbar horsepower and have usually relied on continuous tractive effort instead.	By the early twentieth century, the campaign had become more militant, but some of its leaders were reluctant to involve working class women in it.	After the tragic events of Desperado, El Mariachi is reluctant to fight.	Henry was reluctant to marry again, especially to a Protestant, but he was persuaded when the court painter Hans Holbein the Younger showed him a flattering portrait of her.	Its two most important members, Britain and France, were reluctant to use sanctions and even more reluctant to resort to military action on behalf of the League.	The Scots were reluctant to make such a concession, and replied that since the country had no king, no one had the authority to make this decision.	I'd never stepped foot inside a tattoo parlour before, so that worked in terms of Rupert being a reluctant member of this gang of odd bods who hang out together.	Mamihlapinatapai. A naming word. It meant the wordless, yet meaningful look shared by two people who both desire to initiate something but are both reluctant to start.	A reluctant patentor, and in this instance still working through some problems in his method, Nasmyth abandoned the project after hearing Bessemer at the meeting.	In the process they encounter Chip Bingley, a young doctor and reluctant reality TV celebrity, and his medical school classmate, Fitzwilliam Darcy, a cynical neurosurgeon.	Founding editor James Murray was also reluctant to include scientific terms, despite their documentation, unless he felt that they were widely enough used.	Desperately unhappy, Jin Xing began a hunger strike at the age of nine, until he convinced his reluctant father to allow him to enrol in the Chinese army's dance school.	As declarer had bid spades as well as hearts in the auction West was reluctant to discard a spade and threw the jack of clubs, knowing that partner held the king.	Often, because of FOMO, they are reluctant to do these things on their own, but if you can get their friends involved as well, the resistance disappears.	Robins is reluctant to job-hop after a good but short spell at the Sky Blues, while Town would have to pay struggling Latics compensation for Jones.	Additionally, they are often insensitive to the needs of poor and marginalised, and are often reluctant to participate in community remediation activities.	The pain pattern is so intimately related to the ingestion of food that the patient will reduce the size of meals, become reluctant to eat, and even develop frank cibophobia.	The governor, who himself was preparing an expedition north to Nicaragua, was reluctant to permit another expedition, having lost confidence in Pizarro.	The Britons, led by Togodumnus and Caratacus of the Catuvellauni, were reluctant to fight a pitched battle, relying on instead on guerrilla tactics.	As in the case of Chinese whispers, no one knows anything first hand, or for a fact, and parents in Dubai are still anxious, and reluctant to speak too soon.	Will this chivvy reluctant child-men into settling down sooner?	Robbin-Steele paid him a reluctant compliment and let a gleam of appreciation flicker in his dead-fish eyes.	Hence, the splinter-Senior was reluctant to announce that he could drop-kick.	He was reluctant to exhaust a cartridge unless it was an absolute necessity.	The balminess of the still September night made them reluctant to go indoors.	But such disturbers of the order of thought Hegel is reluctant to acknowledge.
English	Polish	prevalent	rozpowszechniony	Chronic gastritis as well as activity was more prevalent as well as severe in the antrum as compared to the corpus.	It is most prevalent in regions of temperate climates that are highly industrialized, but rarely occurs in areas that are underdeveloped.	Part of the misperception today stems from the cloak-and-dagger intrigue so prevalent in pop culture's version of international police work.	It looks to be inconsistent with a prevalent view about how the world is causally structured.	Vimentin filaments are more prevalent in the central regions of the cell than in the cell periphery.	And migraine is a disease that just is more prevalent hereditarily in women.	Markers of premature coronary artery and cerebrovascular disease are prevalent.	Although both characterizations are widely prevalent, they are also mutually incompatible.	In contrast to areas where subtype B is prevalent, rapid progression to AIDS is seen in areas where non-B subtypes are predominant.	Boron, silicon, nitrogen, phosphorus and sulfur are among the most prevalent of the elements other than carbon that form covalent compounds.	Dr Jones believes they may have counted using the horizontal abacuses prevalent in other European nations.	So prevalent are the warbloggers that they now have awards, just like the weak-kneed Hollywood liberals most of them despise.	Appendectomy, colectomy, all types of hernia procedures, and colostomy reversal accounted for the next most prevalent errors in classification.	The effects of UV on microorganisms growing under conditions prevalent during the early Precambrian Aeon are examined.	Production of phlegm, shortness of breath, and wheezing were significantly more prevalent in exposed than in reference subjects.	Price readjustments have become increasingly prevalent in the middle market.	In large part, that's due to scientific findings on the dangers of trans-fatty acids, prevalent in most margarines and spreads.	This amazing feat is consistent with the westerly airstream prevalent in the latitude of South Africa.	Come to think of it, the technique of direct selling was prevalent right from the early days of trade and commerce.	The algicide targets Oscillatoria perornata, a species of cyanobacteria prevalent in Mississippi.	Violations of drug laws and gambling laws were the two most prevalent types of offenses investigated through communications intercepts.	The Y-axis shows the frequency of a prevalent mutation for each of the lines.	These uses did not include efficiency and effectiveness measures, which became prevalent after the move inland.	The most prevalent property crimes are larceny, theft, burglary, and robbery.	In contrast, interprovincial for-hire trucking is more prevalent in Ontario and the Prairie Provinces.	The picture is sexually frank, while expressing a certain repugnance at the decadence prevalent in Europe after the Great War.	However, Anglomania prevalent at the time also made Newton's acceptance in France easier.	For this reason, such rights seem anomalous today, at a time when intervention in the name of human rights is prevalent.	Nearly two decades after declaring the year 1984 as the year of the rheumatic child, infections due to GAS are still prevalent in India.	The above of course is all thoroughly rational and gets nowhere near the point that arachnophobia is a disproportionately prevalent fear.	Beyond this, you'll marvel at how the massive swamp set was fabricated, from the largest twisted tree down to the prevalent pond scum.	This form of discrimination, which is prevalent in all areas of life and still hardly regarded, is called lookism.	While geomancing losels are represented in all walks of life, they seem to be most prevalent among politicians and their corporate benefactors.	No subtitles are present to assist, although they would be welcome when the Australian accents are prevalent.	The most prevalent amino acid is cysteine with other major ones including tyrosine, histidine, lysine and arginine.	The talus is an architectural feature of some late medieval castles, especially prevalent in crusader constructions.	So, although the study of logic and Buddhist philosophy was not yet prevalent, the practice of tantra in extreme secrecy was much favoured.	The fungus is found worldwide but is more prevalent in temperate and tropical climates.	Infection with these food-borne parasites is prevalent in areas where uncooked cyprinoid fish are a staple of the diet.	Instead, the smells of produce and horses were prevalent, masking every other odor, pleasant or not.	The most prevalent member of this species in North America is the common barn owl.	Which, some persons have been heard to observe, is why we have some of the social problems prevalent today.	It has two corollaries that challenge conceptions prevalent in some societies and ideologies.	Nocturnal enuresis, or bed-wetting, is one of the most prevalent and persistent sleep problems in children.	The best known and most prevalent of legendary figures in the rock paintings of western Arnhem Land are the mimi.	Many such areas are forested, and human activity is generally more prevalent.	Such intrusions are becoming more prevalent in society because of the advance of technology.	Pilots have spoken of the dangerous winds prevalent in the area where the friends were last heard from.	I've tried MMOs before, and been thoroughly bored by the monotony that appears prevalent.	Flowers are particularly prevalent, perhaps a harking back to an earlier source, the distinctive lambamena burial shroud.	Although the above only refers to the blogosphere, the same issues are prevalent in other areas of our lives too.	Cough was the only side effect that was more prevalent in this group than in the placebo group.	Although locals say it isn't as prevalent as it once was, the tradition of an afternoon siesta still exists here.	So how come the most prevalent symbol of this monumentally significant festival is the chocolate egg?	Usually, caregiving is taken up as part of the informal set up of the family that is prevalent in society.	As these real-life analogs to Apple's skeuomorphs become less prevalent, these metaphors will be less and less useful to users.	The pointy-toed trend is prevalent in practically every style from slingbacks and mules to flats, boots and everything in between.	Divorce is far more prevalent today, ending nearly half of all marriages compared to little more than a quarter back then.	Although such laws were most prevalent in the South, the northern colonies also enacted statutes restricting the lives of bondmen and bondwomen.	Superficial mycoses are probably the most prevalent of infectious diseases in all parts of the world.	So where does it come from, who is responsible and why is it more prevalent today than at any time previously?	Illegitimacy, welfare dependency, and criminality were more prevalent than in the South, with its much stronger bourgeois values.	Drive perpendicular to the direction of the prevalent winds and begin upwind from the area of active soil erosion.	The hooks are less obvious, and the tales of castaways and hopeless no-accounts not nearly as prevalent.	One of the most prevalent crimes in wide-open areas like Wiltshire is theft from cars.	Honour killings are very prevalent there, and the news of an honour killing will spread through the country faster by gossip than by media.	The prevalent idea that immigrants are spongers is also refuted by the data.	It's a sneering analysis of the British political apathy that was prevalent at the time, and a blimmin' good indie-rock choon, too.	The jury panel felt that system integration was much more prevalent than in previous years.	It is a protozoal parasitic disease prevalent worldwide, its prevalence varying according to dietary preferences in any country.	Providing more convenient ways for these shoppers to make their purchases means that click-and-collect services should become more prevalent.	Trichuris was more prevalent in urban children, Ascaris and hookworm were more common in rural children, and hookworm was particularly rare in the urban area.	Oh, I also forgot, that there's a disease which was prevalent among cannibals in New Guinea, called kuru, which works pretty much the same way as the rest of these.	Until 1780, Palladianism was the prevalent style in English architecture, both at home and in the colonies, the seeds having been sown in Piccadilly.	The most prevalent disease in Rotuma is undoubtedly yaws, or framboesia, known generally under the Fijian name of coko, though I also heard the Polynesian name, tona, applied.	The belief, prevalent among nautical archaeologists, that seafarers did not use sailing ships much before the Viking age is surprising given the reliable literary evidence.	Adult-acquired flatfoot is prevalent in older, overweight women.	People who accuse teams of tanking it in order to get a higher draft pick don't understand the mentality that is prevalent in the National Football League.	If the dos and don'ts of tipping are so arcane, why is it so prevalent?	He's trying to come to terms with the barbarity of the attack and is concerned that such scenes of violence are becoming more prevalent in cities.	Indeed, certain aspects, such as the important provider role, may overshadow the progressive and egalitarian ideals and behaviors that are becoming so prevalent.	I have been warmly welcomed by the family and friends of my lady friend and I have never experienced any ethnic discrimination, otherwise so prevalent in Europe.	Birds are quite prevalent with nighthawks, woodpeckers, Canada jays, belted kingfishers, western tanagers and oregon junkos being the most common.	The Fang, the most prevalent and warlike of these tribes, predominated.	Except that, in this case, it turns out that the strokes caused by blockage are far more prevalent.	The prevalent use of siblings and emphasis on sibling relationships in games points to narrativized struggles between traditional and non-traditional social models.	It's this bizarre folly to the idea prevalent in the 1950s and 1960s that you could design a megastructure which would supply nearly every need of the residents.	The scale, opulence and fantasy so prevalent a few miles away on the Strip is nowhere to be found.	But alas, the mercenariness prevalent in our game will ensure that the high turnover of personnel at the Jags will rise exponentially with the club's success.	As LEDs and LED arrays become more prevalent in illumination and communications, precise metrology of these devices will become increasingly important.	Hip fractures are also more prevalent in areas with fluoridated water.	Use an implement with narrow chisel or shovel point shanks spaced four to five feet apart and drive perpendicular to the direction of the prevalent winds.	While transborder products have generally been more prevalent than supraterritorial production, far from all sales items have acquired global circulation.	In the next few years, the paperless lifestyle will only get easier and more prevalent.	Padded jacks and brigandines are still prevalent for common soldiers.	The importance of triglyceride concentration also requires clarification in young men, women, and groups such as South Asians among whom abdominal obesity is prevalent.	Where they were a rarity, fast food outlets are now prevalent and convenience food is the preferred easy option to fit in with our busy lifestyles.	They found that dysentery and jaundice, probably resulting from hepatitis A, are prevalent, and many prisoners complained of abdominal and respiratory problems.	Diseases such as anthracnose, spur blight, and mildew may be more prevalent if irrigation is not accompanied by adequate disease-control measures.	Given his frequent prickliness over criticism and given his prevalent self-assurance as a writer, his openness to Bulwer's radical suggestion has surprised many commentators.	Smelters focusing on recycled materials are prevalent in Japan and Europe, according to Duran.	When pottery is placed within the context of linguistic and migratory patterns, it becomes an even more prevalent category of social artifact.	The oceanic climate is prevalent in the more southerly locations of Oceania.	The Mistral from the northwest is the dominant wind on and off throughout the year, though it is most prevalent in winter and spring.	In general, major risk factors for chronic diseases are more prevalent in urban environments.	The canine coronavirus has been recorded in Alaskan wolves, with infections being most prevalent in winter months.	The frequency of one particular allele will become more or less prevalent relative to other forms of that gene.	Finally, in Europe, dromaeosaurids, rhabdodontid iguanodontians, nodosaurid ankylosaurians, and titanosaurian sauropods were prevalent.	These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.	In the modern era, monarchies are more prevalent in small states than in large ones.	This theory became prevalent in the 19th century, and formed an integral part of the mythology of German nationalism.	The three most prevalent West Germanic languages are English, German, and Dutch.	It was only in the 19th century that the first pipe organs, prevalent in European religious music, first appeared on the island.	Interest in studying, and even idealizing, ancient Rome became prevalent during the Italian Renaissance, and continues until the present day.	Weeds are also very prevalent on dry upland grasslands, where such hay as is produced is necessarily thin and haulmy.	That temperamentall dignotions, and conjecture of prevalent humours, may be collected from spots in our nails, we are not averse to concede.	Methodism was especially popular among skilled workers and much less prevalent among labourers.	Ebola is prevalent in Africa where social and economic inequalities are common.	Hinduism is the second most prevalent religion in Sri Lanka and predates Buddhism.	Harana and Kundiman are prevalent during this time wherein these songs are often used in courtship rituals.	In some equatorial countries, thatch is the prevalent local material for roofs, and often walls.	These are rare from the Formative and the Classic periods but become more prevalent in the Postclassic.	Kava is the popular drug of the island, although alcohol is becoming more prevalent.	Both external and internal parasites are the most prevalent malady in sheep, and are either fatal, or reduce the productivity of flocks.	Slavery was prevalent until the late 19th century and early 20th century China.	During the Antonine and Severan periods, more ornate hair and bearding became prevalent, created with deeper cutting and drilling.	Annotated versions provide insights into many of the ideas and hidden meanings that are prevalent in these books.	These are the norms and rules that countries follow as a matter of custom and they are so prevalent that they bind all states in the world.	Between the 8th and 18th centuries, the use of ceramic glaze was prevalent in Islamic art, usually assuming the form of elaborate pottery.	In developing countries, with high poverty and poor schooling opportunities, child labour is still prevalent.	The use of brasses as emblems was particularly prevalent in Somerset and the surrounding counties.	However, harsh working conditions were prevalent long before the Industrial Revolution took place.	The scheme of pantheistic omniscience so prevalent among the sequacious thinkers of the day.	This prevalent tendency toward softmindedness is found in man's unbelievable gullibility.	The rain had tapered off to a sprinkly drizzle, Portland's most prevalent weather condition.	There seems to be a prevalent feeling that something is amiss at Apple.	A firm Lutheran, he nevertheless strongly advocated the separation of church and state, famously denouncing the witch trials then prevalent.	One of life's minor but prevalent annoyances is the deterioration of the aglets on one's shoelaces.	The findings indicate that both forms of homonegativity are prevalent in Europe.	Tendonitis is the most prevalent condition caused by RSI but it also includes better-known conditions such as writer's cramp and tennis elbow.	Deep purple irises and blood-red aquilegias were the prevalent plants at Chelsea, while alliums, dahlias and tulips were not.	The ancestors of the Quarter Horse were prevalent in America in the early 17th century.	Fatigue is a well known feature of FM and it also appears to be more prevalent in FM than in other rheumatological conditions.	Amongst the rickettsiosis, scrub typhus is prevalent in many parts of India.	Some are informed by the political attitudes prevalent in Wales in the 9th century and after.	A person's family responsibilities and the prevalent patriarchy could impede mobilization.	Federal authorities said these telemarketing boiler rooms are becoming more prevalent.	Ambition and greed, aggressively and defensively, are prevalent among these prominent securocrats.	Furthermore, there is evidence to suggest that extralegal and unofficial activities are more prevalent in countries that privatized less.	Sinkiang Autonomous Region of China is one of the prevalent areas of hydatidosis.
English	Polish	amplify	wzmacniaæ	The one bit of cooperation they were unable to get was the right to amplify sound, so we watched without commentary.	But it took years to realize its ability to amplify sound and thus its wireless applications.	Vacuum tubes were the only technology available at the time to amplify signals or serve as switching devices in electronics.	To amplify the signal, we use a transimpedance amplifier, which also converts the output current of the photodetector to a voltage.	If you are trying to amplify a signal, you may be just amplifying this noise.	Sometimes, in fact, modernity can be harnessed to extend and even amplify tradition.	Rather than seek to round it out or fill it in, the best managers do everything they can to sharpen and amplify that uniqueness.	To begin with, I should reiterate and amplify my statement above that I was paying for this purchase with a credit card.	Species-specific primers were developed to amplify the PBP gene region, and three individuals were sequenced directly from these PCR products.	It might be possible to amplify this moving-mirror radiation by using a resonant cavity with vibrating walls.	Yet the event loop can amplify it into a cascade of thousands of events because it sets other loops in process.	The purpose of the Temple was to focus and amplify the experience of God's Presence.	The captured waves vibrate the eardrum and tiny bones of the middle ear to amplify and pass the sound to the inner ear.	Actors body it forth, personify, animate, amplify, isolate and expand gestures, emotions, exclamations, revelations and silences.	These oligos were used with an appropriate upstream oligo to amplify fragments that were subcloned into pSM100 as described above.	Too many other bands either overplay their isolation or amplify their anger.	His considerable powers of concentration served to amplify the more extreme, uncompromising, even perverse, aspects of his personality.	Strands of faux pearls, hand-painted ladies' lapel pins, and other jeweled accents amplify the theme of the day.	In such a case, we must amplify the photocurrent to a level that can be converted to a digital signal by an analog-to-digital converter.	To serve, pour the tea from high above the glasses to aerate and amplify the character of the tea and garnish with mint.	In one case, we inadvertently put a repeater smack in the middle of a dead zone, where it sat, uselessly hunting for a signal to amplify.	To amplify actin binding, we chose polylysine-coated polystyrene particles, which directly nucleate actin filaments from their surfaces.	It is at the source, the wellspring of our feelings, that we may then either amplify or transform them.	Notice how the the kazoo buzzes and vibrates to amplify the sound of your voice.	As the insects rub the scraper against the file, the wings amplify the sound, making it loud enough for other insects to hear.	Many respondents wrote extensive and illuminating commentaries to amplify their yes or no responses, which make the data far richer than the simple percentages given above.	The widely used herbal remedy St John's wort appears to amplify the action of the popular blood-thinning drug clopidogrel, sold as Plavix, a small new clinical study finds.	This material, being light and moderately flexible, tends to amplify the sound of rushing water, especially in vertical piping where the flow is rapid.	Society doesn't create these disorders, but it can amplify them, and by extension, it can diminish them.	The campaign to amplify parent voices must focus on giving voice to each individual parent, not on enhancing the role of an allegedly representative group.	Several early maps and plats richly amplify the author's argument.	Then there is power for the witness to be able to amplify his statement.	This, in turn, serves to amplify and aggravate differences of interest and power among the competing national groups.	Extracted DNA was used to amplify the 16S-23S rRNA inter genic spacer region of Bartonella spp.	Mr. Finkel speculated that the recession could amplify the fallout from monetary mismatchings.	Clusters amplify the signal of aposematic coloration, and individuals may participate in group regurgitation or displays.	These tools of expression are meant to create and amplify energy.	The embassy used its social media platforms to amplify the theme, with one Twitter photo of the rainbow flag receiving 425 retweets.	Also, people should realize that factors external to the conflict episode often amplify angerlike reactions.	The brilliance of Birmingham city centre simply serves to amplify the sheer dowdiness of other parts of the city.	Existing Raman lasers typically use crystals of silicon, barium nitrate or metal tungstate to amplify light created by a pump laser.	Their findings led to the discovery of the polymerase chain reaction, which can amplify DNA and has enabled genetic sequencing and genetic fingerprinting.	Two sets of primers were designed to amplify the hot spot regions.	Reclaimed land is highly susceptible to soil liquefaction during earthquakes, which can amplify the amount of damage that occurs to buildings and infrastructure.	Taken in combination, ongoing changes in both areas amplify the effects and demand from the intelligence community a degree of agility that is not delivered today.	Commenting on the niche or mihrab in mosques, he said the design was meant to indicate the direction of prayer towards Mecca and amplify the voice of the prayer leader.	It sometimes amplifies a thought, much as a musician might amplify the harmonies upon a master's figured bass.	He took the word from Bob and made no attempt to alter or to amplify it.	This defence is enough, but it is easy to amplify and reintrench it.	I suggest that such attempts amplify the reasons why such jejune frameworks applied to the history of economic doctrines should be abandoned altogether.
English	Polish	threshold	próg	As the follicle grows, the estrogen eventually reaches a threshold level that causes the cow to be in heat.	For an infected ant, when the declining air temperature hits a certain threshold, its jaws become locked in a closed position.	The jitter amplitude just before the output crosses this error threshold is defined as the maximum tolerable jitter of the input under test.	Chemical reactions require a minimum or threshold energy, called the activation energy.	Is there a raindrops-per-cubic-inch threshold that's necessary for a rainbow to be visible?	Until the evidentiary threshold of proof beyond a reasonable doubt is reached, the judge and the Constitution order the jury to acquit.	Precipitation of NCP occurs for a threshold of divalent cation concentration, and redissolution is observed for further addition of salt.	In this more physiological context, the model shows nearly all-or-none threshold response.	The DFB substrate provides the low threshold operation and wavelength selectable capabilities inherent to resonators based on this approach.	Entry to higher education is also very commonly an entitlement, available by right to anyone who obtains the threshold entry certificate.	Before I can recommend the games to anyone, and I do, I usually have to mention that it will test your threshold for the likably bizarre.	Even his apparently limitless supply of inner motivation must hit a boredom threshold at some point in the distant future.	Ethnographers say that Baba Marta is the threshold between the end of the winter season and the approach of summer.	Will the vote fall to a threshold which begins to cost the party safe seats, or can the party stop the rot as it claims?	In dense media with lossless reflection arising from multiple scattering, the threshold for laser action is greatly reduced.	Under normal conditions, the kidneys act as a safety valve to eliminate glucose above a certain threshold and prevent further accumulation.	The authors add that different people's threshold for stress may also affect rates of takotsubo cardiomyopathy.	Producers should scout fields and determine if the action threshold has been exceeded.	The result is a thirtyfold increase in the detection sensitivity when the system is operating near the lasing threshold.	Caitlyn was still with Connor when I entered, the two having just barely crossed the threshold of the room.	So that's why I am happy to look at scientology girl, but will never dare cross the threshold and enter the building.	Armand stood at the threshold of her curtained room, wondering whether to go in or not.	The smell from that place was so strong, it used to make my friend J. violently ill if we even crossed the threshold at the local mall.	I crossed the threshold and re-entered the house, which was buzzing with undying activity.	Young students are on the threshold of adulthood, walking through the door to their future.	As I turned off the runway, I saw my wingman's landing light disappear into the fog at about 50 feet above the runway threshold.	It is designed to fly under the 4,000 ft threshold used by commercial aircraft.	The aircraft hit the embankment short of the threshold, sliding up it, turning through 90-deg and coming to a stop.	After we passed and began our second missed approach at 400 feet, I saw what appeared to be the first 50 feet or so of the runway threshold.	Just before coming abeam the runway threshold I began a continuous finals turn, Spitfire style.	To avoid this artifact, we excluded the values below the threshold intensity from the average calculation.	Climb to 8,000 or 10,000 feet, and you may be well inside the ice-crystal threshold.	Agents, chosen randomly, will move to a free space if the number of near neighbours of a different colour exceeds some threshold.	Different pressures, such as overgrazing or drought, can push land over the threshold.	The user may choose to be informed when the total number of unread messages exceeds a threshold.	Abit's ThermalGuard will immediately shutdown your computer when your CPU die has exceeded its threshold temperature.	There seems to be a threshold plasma concentration below which symptoms may become apparent.	There is a threshold below which radiation is safe and above which it becomes dangerous.	Moreover, there is an indication that the threshold of sucrose concentration may be lower in the bundle sheath than in the mesophyll.	Exposure concentrations were well below threshold limit values, and hepatotoxicity was not predicted for these compounds.	There is a threshold of ATP concentration which stimulated the binding remarkably.	However, if the threshold for normal cholesterol is also applied half of the population would be considered at risk by the early age of 24 years.	Richard is the high school superstar, with a rich daddy and a low boredom threshold.	Conditioned to expect immediate gratification, these youth have shorter attention spans and also a low threshold for boredom.	Professionals should have a low threshold for enquiring about mental health issues in children as parents rarely raise these concerns.	He predicted that the party would next promise to cut inheritance tax and the threshold for income tax.	For example, you could have two parents who both work but who each earn just below the threshold for higher rate income tax.	For those who pass the threshold of age and mental competence, the right to be self-determining in the major decisions in life is inviolate.	Upon application of a voltage greater than the threshold bias of 2 to 3 V, a current flows.	The reason is that every material including biopolymers has a mechanical failure threshold.	Such a person has surely crossed the threshold of blameworthiness, both in conduct and in the accompanying fault.	Bikes, ultralight cars and even some regular cars don't exceed this flex threshold.	What we're saying is that we can deliver more performance and meet the price threshold by coming up with a better mousetrap.	In practice, we explore this threshold, this place where old and new meet in a body.	Below this threshold, minerals occur as silicates, in that they are chemically bonded to silica.	They walked unspeaking until Alexander stopped at the threshold of the entrance hall.	This threshold, however, is still arbitrary and has never been evaluated, let alone validated by appropriate methods.	The threshold of pain on the Decibel Scale is 130, while a space rocket at take-off measures between 140 and 190 decibels.	The amplitude of the square wave electric stimulus with duration of 40-80 ms was adjusted above the threshold for the AP eliciting.	This quality threshold is likely to be raised as the organisation steps up its activities as it moves into the private sector.	The sensation of respiratory symptoms has to exceed a certain threshold before a nociceptive stimulus is perceived.	After evaluation of the residuum and comparison with a threshold value, a fault signal is generated when the residuum reaches the threshold value.	Packwood was eventually convinced to come to the Senate, but he insisted that they carry him across the threshold.	Theoretical models based on current injection membranes predict that excitation will occur for currents of all strengths once a threshold is exceeded.	The first one concerns the first income threshold of repayment.	Emily was in tears before she crossed the threshold into her room.	The attributable risk of obesity is dependent to some extent on the threshold used for obesity.	None of them would have entered the Knesset had the threshold been four percent.	We and others have shown that these patients have severely impaired exercise capacity and, in addition, do not exhibit a lactic acidosis threshold.	The Government's move to raise the stamp duty threshold was, let's face it, no more than tokenistic.	Josh stood over the threshold the doorway, smiling to be polite.	Somehow, he cannot cross the threshold and walk on its linoleum flooring.	To reach the threshold of exceptional progress there would also need to be some extra element to show that the lifer had done good works for the benefit of others.	The software will send out an alert when the user reaches his or her threshold and can also automatically free up more space for the user, if desired.	For a city that is on the threshold of a major expansion, Mr. Monayee's is a gentle reminder that the city should not lose its soul in the search for economic prosperity.	Thanks to the convergence of the information and genome sciences revolution, we are already on the threshold of isolating and characterizing virtually all useful genes.	But on the threshold of great age he was no nearer an answer.	Once a threshold osmolality is reached in our bodies, it triggers our brains to make us seek water.	The share-out of the cash would almost certainly be based on the performance of parties at the previous general election, with a threshold before you got anything.	The IRS and the Department of the Treasury have announced an increase in the threshold for filing a separate schedule for interest or dividend income.	If the flood of sexual details continues unabated, the pain threshold may prove to be too high for Weiner himself.	The perils of distinguishing true predatory behaviour from beneficial rivalrous behaviour mean that the threshold for regulatory intervention should be high.	This is the threshold at which workers start to pay income tax.	I was in my 20s before I finally lost my virginity, and it was even longer before I made it across the masturbatory threshold.	Until the threshold of 270 was crossed, the stillness of the clammy night continued to hang over the city.	Without further ado my parents step over the threshold of the room.	Their observations also support the arguments of the Paris-Cambridge theorists about how the ear detects signals below the threshold for thermal noise.	What can be done if the concentration of metallic elements rises above the toxic threshold, particularly those that have no known function in the body?	Our sense of what it is to be reasonably well-off keeps changing, the threshold keeps rising-even though all of us are much better off than people were hundreds of years ago.	The Bonanza crossed the runway threshold while the helicopter was still about 250 feet from a planned touchdown point of 1500 feet down the runway.	Not a single word was spoken as we neared the runway threshold, the throttle still wide open.	And still major leaguers blew it last season, triggering a more stringent form of testing by exceeding the five-percent threshold of positive results.	As soon as the measured pressure change exceeds the threshold, the EGR system is deemed to pass the restriction test, and the test method is terminated.	The model demonstrated that this motif can generate a bistable switch with tunable control over the switching threshold and the degree of population heterogeneity.	Cell expansion is driven by turgor pressure, and in healthy tissues is usually limited by the extensibility of the cell wall or sometimes by the wall yield threshold.	A higher threshold would force the two to remain in allegiance even amidst serious departures in ideologies.	Flight 1420 touched down about 2,000 ft from the runway threshold, to the right of the runway centerline, and moved rapidly to the right.	For carcinogens and most reproductive toxins, however, regulators assume no threshold.	It may be argued that the long duration of implantation of depth electrodes in the limbic system could decrease the local threshold for induction of afterdischarges.	We might say that realism can produce underdetermination because of its ability to lower the threshold of interpretation and economize on meaning.	The first describes the threshold for its operation, viz. the officer being of the opinion that a worker who qualifies has not received the national minimum wage.	Besides the tape's threshold, users were using uncompressed mode.	The threshold issue in a voluntary reconveyance, foreclosure or abandonment is determining whether a taxable event has occurred.	Patients were categorized according to the cochlear microphonics threshold and according to the compound action potential threshold.	How do you know when you have sufficient evidence to say a carcinogen has a threshold?	However, if we permute a sequence, then the resulting threshold digraph may or may not be isomorphic.	In Section 3, we prove the multivariate generalization of the MHH conjecture for the special case of threshold graphs.	The deal requires approval because HSBC owned more than the 5 percent threshold above which prospective owners need CIRC permission.	The capital-reserve ratio, however, remains below the congressionally mandated threshold of 2 percent of all insurance in force.	The number of induced syntactic relations is taken into account by introducing a threshold of considered relations.	It is also likely the new stamp duty threshold will prompt those upsizing to get their properties on the market as soon as possible.	If your income rises above a certain threshold, your tax rate also rises.	The poverty threshold, poverty limit or poverty line is the minimum level of income deemed adequate in a particular country.	There is no minimum threshold of money, and no requirement that the transaction succeeded in actually disguising the money.	Above 75 percent humidity threshold, fungal molds that release dangerous aflatoxin can form.	In Finland's parliamentary elections, there is no official threshold, but the effective threshold is gaining one seat.	A formal threshold usually requires parties to win a certain percentage of the vote in order to be awarded seats from the party lists.	If eliminated parties lose seats in this manner, then the seat counts for parties that achieved the minmum threshold improve.	We first select a reference level of racism prer that will be considered as the nonracist, nonxenophobic threshold.	There are also key threshold factors which when exceeded can produce rapid change.	A QPF will be specified when a measurable precipitation type reaching a minimum threshold is forecast for any hour during a QPF valid period.	These climates are characterized by actual precipitation less than a threshold value set equal to the potential evapotranspiration.	A lower threshold of mens rea is satisfied when a defendant recognizes that some act is dangerous but decides to commit it anyway.	Once that threshold is met, the plaintiff is entitled to some amount of recovery for that loss or injury.	Not all crimes require specific intent, and the threshold of culpability required may be reduced or demoted.	As a result of the low threshold, a typical Knesset has 10 or more factions represented.	If the number of attempted sign-ons reaches the threshold value in the security software, the system will respond.	The unvoiced signal is smaller energy than voiced signal and, so, this section is applied the smaller threshold.	Existing XML content gets updated if a set of balanced quantifiers reaches a threshold value.	At the threshold of this millennium, the exponential function was accepted as reflecting most phenomena.	These findings suggest that antagonizing non-NMDA glutamate receptors attenuates a noise-induced temporary threshold shift.	Unit controls defroster to sweep back-and-forth across ice formation threshold in real time.	The threshold is a moving hyperplane which is perpendicular bisector to feature components of consecutive training samples.	The Motrin put me over some biochemical threshold and, poof, I was on my way to glory.	The invariance of the percolation threshold with respect to affine transformations in the common direction of the axis of cylinders is approximately satisfied on simulations.	And the sisterfucker fled. Vishalam collapsed on the threshold.	In peak bagging, the targets are the peaks of mountains or hills, and the popular lists usually require that the target pass some threshold of elevation or prominence.	There is a reduced threshold for the standard of care owed by children.	In addition, when the curve crosses the threshold, economic forces cause the bulge to become taller as incomes at that level grow faster than incomes in other ranges.	The Pope knocked on the door three times, workers moved it from the inside, and everyone then crossed the threshold to enter into a period of penance and reconciliation.	Fjords with a shallow threshold this deep water is not replaced every year and low oxygen concentration makes the deep water unsuitable for fish and animals.	In India, the inhabitants of Dehra Dun live below the poverty threshold.	The minimum threshold is the minimum vote required to win a seat.	The more representatives per district and the lower the minimum threshold of votes required for election, the more minor parties can gain representation.	As a result, Templeton has argued that it is necessary to impose a threshold on the level of difference that is required for a population to be designated a subspecies.	The three samples may be considered to present azo colorants, pentachlorophenol, formaldehyde, organostanics, and metals below respective threshold values.	The jockey took a total of five tests, four of which gave a reading above the permissible threshold of 17 micrograms of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath.	A careful evaluation of longitudinal specimens from known seroconverting individuals defined a threshold cutoff and a post-seroconversion window period.	This effect, combined with variation of effective false positive rate of the cluster-forming threshold over permutations, could explain this slight anticonservativeness.	Low-voltage operation below the threshold voltage of the transistor is achieved by combining the features of a class-D VCO and dynamic control technique of the supply voltage.
English	Polish	confine	ograniczaæ	If the outdoors is too dangerous, ailurophiles often forgo feline companionship rather than confine a cat indoors.	Some people have an extreme fear condition called agoraphobia, and confine themselves to the home or other familiar places where they feel relatively safe.	He is to confine himself to the compass of numbers and the slavery of rhyme.	While some lists and clan maps confine their area to the Highlands, others also show Lowland clans or families.	False imprisonment is the intent to confine or bound someone without a means of egress.	These questions simply will not confine themselves to quiet rooms.	But more usually we confine ourselves to a less spacious field.	It is true there are cases in which, if we confine ourselves to the effects of the first order, the good will have an incontestable preponderance over the evil.	The rains are the best, and, indeed, the only manure in this island, and they confine their course to the forests, leaving unbedewed the tracts that are cleared.	I will confine myself to one, which appears to me the most important of all.	The ligatures, skilfully placed to confine the experiment to a safe area, gave way, beneath the whole burden of a well-fed frame.	In 1775 he was an addresser of Gage, and was ordered, in consequence, to confine himself to his own leasehold.	It stands in marked contrast with the of the valiant Lycians, whose short and spare tunic required no cincture to confine it.	Busy as Mr. Galloway was, that day, he could not confine his thoughts to his business.	Any food or medicine that will confine or derange the bowels is to be forbidden.	But he will not confine his instructions to the region of art.	He was in love with the ideal and would not confine it to any country.	I did not confine my lodging to it, but often reposed in thick cane-brakes, to avoid the savages, who, I believe, often visited my camp, but fortunately for me, in my absence.	Confine yourself to the Fact, man, to the irrefragable Fact.
English	Polish	diminish	zmniejszaæ	In his opinion, that doesn't diminish the legitimacy or relevancy of this complaint.	The original half watt of power will diminish to less than a billionth of a watt at the point of arrival.	Be assured that my responses will in no way seek to diminish or ridicule contributors.	Yet he advises patients to bear with it because the depression will ultimately lift and sleep problems diminish.	Also, raking up and destroying dropped fruit will diminish these pests over time.	None of these concerns should diminish the importance and value of this volume.	This is not to diminish the importance of the bravery of Britain's airmen, soldiers and seamen.	Green lacewings, like ladybugs, diminish aphid and mealybug populations, as well as thrips.	Automatic reactions will diminish over time as you become more aware of and responsive to them.	They diminish our humanity and, for that reason, they lessen our capacity for God.	It is a levy assessed in an unwritten manner and generally executed with precision in order to diminish the offender and enrich the supplier.	Least I forget, he was slipping punches or rolling with the punches to diminish their impact.	But the Ascension is not to be conflated with the Resurrection, and to celebrate the former is not in any way to diminish the latter.	And yet that does not diminish the responsibilities you have to be better than those you oppose.	Playing for a weak team did not diminish what Ramsey accomplished.	The balance of the argument now says that Betfair operates in a way that not only does not diminish the integrity of racing but actually enhances it.	Although I feed as sparingly as possible, their numbers continue to diminish.	Anticipating actual legal reform, the development of cannabis beverages, lozenges, skin patches or other forms of delivery could be encouraged to diminish pulmonary hazards.	The forthcoming advancements in battery technology, charging stations and electric vehicles are likely to diminish range anxiety among EV drivers.	For successful implementation over time, the core team necessarily must expand, yet excessive rotation of new members early on may diminish success.	If people are upminded about future possibilities, present tragedies diminish in psychological consequence.	This gradually began to diminish the numerical dominance of hereditary peers.	I have never tried to diminish the appalling things that happened in Russia, though the sheer extent of the massacres we didn't realise.	For patients prone to retropulsion, wearing shoes with high heels may diminish or prevent the backward stepping.	Does government enhance or diminish the safety of the governed?	Fusion reactors, which are still in the early stages of development, diminish or eliminate some of the risks associated with nuclear fission.	Many locals, merchant and noble alike, envied the power of the league and tried to diminish it.	German attacks began to diminish on 3 November, by when armeegruppe von Fabeck had lost 17,250 casualties.	These bodies have strong gravitational fields that diminish with distance and act to alter the shape of an equipotential surface on the Earth.	In areas with wet and dry seasons, soil nutrients diminish and erosion increases during the wet season.	With the rise of the Khazars' state in the east, the invasions began to diminish and it was possible to create larger states.	He exploited a physique that most would try desperately to diminish.	Above Langney Sands, the river abruptly narrows to a hundred yards, the sands diminish and the channel occupies the whole of the river.	Nothing in this Act shall diminish or qualify the existing rights and privileges of the House of Commons.	In order to diminish the religious significance of the place, the British systematically referred to Salman Pak by its classical Sassanid name, Ctesiphon.	This did little to diminish the status of the Darnley urn as the most important icon in cricket, the symbol of this old and keenly fought contest.	Although some disliked these measures, coordinated efforts against smallpox went on, and the disease continued to diminish in the wealthy countries.	Average temperatures and temperature ranges increase further inland from the cold Atlantic waters, while the lingering coastal fogs slowly diminish.	Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the Lord your God which I command you.	Charles Taylor accuses Popper of exploiting his worldwide fame as an epistemologist to diminish the importance of philosophers of the 20th century continental tradition.	It is a salience complete, dominating, unapproached, but one which must infallibly diminish with time.	It has, furthermore, been proved that the absorptive property of substances increases as their reflecting qualities diminish.	The refinement and the multiplicity of pleasures also diminish the attractions of marriage.	A hard bounding pulse and hot skin favour sweating more than diuresis, though they often diminish both of these secretions.	Wheat was scarce, the price of provisions was exorbitantly high, and yet the law was striving to diminish wages.	Malt itself, to produce intoxication, must be used in such large quantities as would very much diminish the brewer's profit.	Shun all that may enervate or diminish your youthful energies.	In England the crown saw the peerage diminish with pleasure.	We cannot increase or diminish God's holiness by anything that we do.	Nevertheless the amount of custom at Mr. Farnham's did not diminish much.	It took but a few moments to release the gases pent up in the poor beast, and the two women heard the rush of wind and saw the roan visibly diminish in girth.
English	Polish	decremental	spadkowy	The budget requests are structured into decision packages that have an incremental or decremental effect on the baseline budget amounts.	With decremental spending, there is rarely an obvious reduction of strategic ends to guide the reduction in means.
English	Polish	knob	pokrêt³o	The surviving quillon is recurved horizontally and terminates in a small knob, but has adjacent to it a loop-shaped foreguard almost exactly like that on the Montagu sword.
English	Polish	encase	oblec	The M. subvertebralis and the basapophyseal muscles encase the ventral side of the vertebral column.	A dense band of fibroblasts, collagen fibers, proteoglycans, and occasional mast cells encase the granuloma.	Cowen also used the mixer to encase straw bales with shotcrete for the equine center and to cast the roof trusses and panels for the building.	The walls which encase the tea room double up as a shrine to the most storied brew-ups of eras past.	This film presents a compelling slice of life whilst interrogating with extraordinary discipline the formal predicates which encase both the film and its protagonist.	If you or a family member is allergic to dust mites, encase the mattresses, box springs, and pillows in covers that breathe, but are designed to prevent inhaling the mites.	Raintree, a Denver-based wood shop, has built a Victorian-style cabinet made of cherrywood to encase Colossus.	Her voice was too strong, too assured, to encase in strict rules.	The grooved cylinder is counterbored to better support and encase the head of the rimfire cases.	Her patient fairly off her hands, Mona seemed to encase herself with a cold reserve, as in a shell.	Dante may build up his great triple universe in his great triple rhyme, and encase it in walls of brass.	The inspiration came from Goodwin, who conceived a spare environment of metal geometric shapes in which to encase them.	In 1870 it was customary to encase the sandwiches in pressed sole leather.	Angelo cut a stout cloth to encase each of her feet, and bound them in it.
English	Polish	elucidate	wyjaniaæ	If I could trouble you to try a little exercise, it will help to elucidate.	It was Sederholm's task to try to elucidate the complex rocks of the Finnish Precambrian basement.	No matter how many biographers elucidate his character, he remains a mystery at the heart of the American experience.	But Luskin's own record of slithery parsification forces us to assume that these words are carefully chosen to conceal rather than elucidate.	Further study is necessary to elucidate the precise nature of the relationship between media exposure and cognitive development.	A rapid strep test or a culture of the perianal area may elucidate the diagnosis.	To elucidate the cellular functions of NSF, we have chosen to use a genetic approach in the fruit fly, Drosophila melanogaster.	We are establishing a molecular phylogeny for this group in order elucidate patterns of dermapteran diversification and evolution.	In attempting to elucidate the significance of this paradox, I want to proceed carefully.	So how does her biographical account elucidate his artistic identity and development?	Live-action movies elucidate concepts such as cloning, vaccination and forensics.	Approaching the texts in a suggestive and allusive manner, they draw on their own poetic experience to elucidate the texts.	Additional prospective, longitudinal research is needed to further elucidate the experiences and outcomes associated with lung transplantation.	After abandoning Manicheism he turned to Neoplatism to elucidate his metaphysical thoughts about God.	Even though he focuses almost totally on the insects, one gleans bits of personal information that elucidate his all-encompassing endeavors, bordering on mania.	To elucidate his point, he turned a boot upside down and pointed to the thick, tire-like treads on its sole.	Endoscopy and manometry did not help to elucidate the cause.	Beckworth clarified saying that when the children were told of the new rule, some of them asked about high-fiving to elucidate the rule.	Here, we use a similar approach to elucidate generic limits in the obligate army-ant-following antbirds.	Recent investigations of the thanatomicrobiome and cadaver soil seek to elucidate the microbial flora found after death.	Insertion events of CRI retrotransposable elements elucidate the phylogenetic branching order in galliform birds.	Until more detailed phylogenetic work is done to elucidate their true relationships, it seems best to leave all these species unplaced.	The aims of this study were to elucidate the effect of TPG on the activities of antioxidant defense targets and the bioenergetic system in rat cardiomyocytes.	But I leave it to Dr. Beauregard to elucidate this important characteristic.	Mr. Lindsay attempted to elucidate the action of the intumescence in raising and depressing the petiole, in the following manner.	They tried to elucidate it by means of the atomic theory, which fairly swamped them.	Perhaps you will be good enough to elucidate this new mystery.	Elucidate the accident, by which you had me Kidnapped to be sold into slavery.	We like leaving the words to elucidate the concurrent action.	Hereafter I hope to elucidate at length these phenomena of expression.
English	Polish	intricate	zawi³y	He had been dressed in a jacket trimmed in red feathers and decorated with intricate beadwork.	The intricate figurines that roll out of his sandalwood art when he opens one hand-held closet after another is beyond comparison.	With all that silicon and increasingly-programmable APIs, low-level GPU programming is growing exponentially more intricate.	There are so many intricate details and twists and turns to keep you guessing throughout this film.	Whereas structurally the two are similar, the camera lacks the intricate automatic control mechanism involved in vision.	Their spiritual leader is a vulturish photographer and scientist named Vaughan, played with intricate obsession by Montreal actor Elias Koteas.	Taking an intricate short cut through back alleys and abandoned buildings, she came out onto an empty, dead-end road.	This stunning dress has an intricate burnout pattern with embellishment and sheer bell sleeves.	This sheer black teddy features intricate embroidery on the front and back.	Although intricate in their themes, each picture tells a thousand different stories while remaining beautifully simple.	The mantelpiece was an intricate wood carving of vines and branches, almost like it was a living tree itself.	Wood anemones, epimediums, bugbanes, and toad lilies create intricate tapestries under flowering shrubs and trees.	The spindles could be turned to see each sculpture's equally intricate verso.	Even in the dim, dusty filtered daylight I could see the intricate detail of the carved stone and molded gold.	Beyond their venomous tendencies lie complex behavioural patterns and intricate lifestyles.	I loved the first one for its sophisticated camerawork, intricate plot and masterful performances.	Producing such shows requires initial designs, then intricate plotting to determine growing timelines.	Now this friend was arranging Helen's hair in an intricate, graceful upsweep, with ribbons to match the dress.	Pai Gow Tiles is an intricate game that is played with a set of 32 tiles or dominoes.	They walked through an intricate maze of hallways before reaching a large arena filled with all sorts of technical equipment.	She wore a blouse and skirt decorated in intricate beadwork and a kilt made of old silver coins.	Gades and company give intense performances of intricate grace, stunning beauty and thrilling machismo.	There were all these intricate diagrams of horrible shackles and thumbscrews.	The wild, untamable canon and the intricate textures of texts have been given back to us after years of being dissected.	Four floral bosses help secure the flying ribs, while an intricate carved star hangs from the center and anchors the inner square.	The great spiralling lamp, lighting the ground floor cafe, is made of copper as are the intricate mesh cupboards of the cloakroom upstairs.	The dining room is panelled to chest height and has an intricate, golden fabric wallcovering above.	The cobbled roads wound their way through the city, spinning an intricate web, while taxis and food carts clip-clopped slowly down them.	Although allowed to weave their artistic magic via intricate quilting designs, they were not allowed any other form of artistic expression.	Look at the intricate beauty of the leaves on the trees and see that our petty desires are so unimportant.	Spaces recurring at regular intervals but shifting to the right on each subsequent line create an intricate, jacquardlike weave.	It is in that episode that the larger implications of Schreiner's intricate weave of fiction and autobiography become apparent.	Decorative and painted glasses with intricate designs of varying shades and hues are another attraction at the fair.	The traps are intricate, with raceways, loops, funnels, breakwaters, and arrowheads to direct and trap the fish.	The music is alternately spacious and intricate, lyrical and fiery, but always as natural and unforced as breathing.	My genetic code has been perfected by an intricate adiabatic process over ten decades, and I am practically immortal.	Both male and female folk costumes made of homespun cloth and sheepskin were multi-colored and featured intricate embroidery.	Patterns of olive leaves, golden scallop shells, and intricate pastel designs ramble over the walls.	This is Fatima with a kaftan, black with a bodice of intricate dark red embroidery.	Much like Western sumptuary laws, the intricate rules of ancestor worship were strictly enforced.	It's an intricate part of my culture of my tikanga and kawa, so what's the crime about that?	The crown is embellished with tiny whitework flowers filled with intricate needlepoint lace fillings.	The stately three-storey Georgian edifice agleam with intricate furniture comes complete with the ghost of former mistress Annie Palmer.	Deer, hounds, wild boar, foxes and rabbits chase each other around the frieze in a stunning display of intricate carving.	Bamboo flutes add a ghostly, subtle melodic backbone to the more intricate interplay on the keyed instruments.	The intricate polyphonic choruses and semi-choruses with solo recitative were always lucidly controlled.	Weaving, embroidery, and woodcarving also are highly intricate and require great skill.	His choreography is full of intricate rhythms done with up-tempo swing and other driving jazz music forms.	The oval mirror reflects me sitting on the bed, framed by the intricate lace of the curtains.	Yet all told, its simplicities are gloriously redeemed by the novel's intricate take on sexuality, and its ecstatic and gilded prose.	They court according to an intricate and stylised code of formality and propriety that hints at a wealth of buried emotion.	In the poet's medieval French, the verse displays intricate internal rhymes and numerous alliterations.	In the past, she has hung whole rooms with her own silkscreened wallpaper, the paper covered with intricate and precise silverpoint spirals.	Most of the items on display have intricate craftwork, done manually by artisans from a rural background.	Even though it was dark, the moonlight silhouetted the intricate stone outline of the school.	Watch skilled craftspeople create intricate designs from the intense heat of molten glass.	And in doing so, the gene creates copies of its genetic material by replicating itself through intricate processes of cell division.	The temples are studded with gilded statues, intricate woodwork, paintings and tapestries.	Plants, herbivores and carnivores are connected through an intricate array of chemical linkages.	An intricate support structure of stainless-steel wires, bamboo poles and fishing nets provides anchorage for the fabric cladding.	Doreen's work is renowned for its use of large canvasses and the intricate detail inspired by plant and animal life.	Untangling this intricate mesh of cause and effect, genetic adaptation and phenotypic plasticity, is a primary objective of plant science.	This is matched by the metre where, however, intricate use of trochees and dactyls gives a song-like quality to the verse.	There are intricate carvings on huge stone columns and the walls are richly panelled and decorated.	Their scenes together are ripe with tension, both sexual and dramatic, and their relationship develops in emotionally intricate ways.	The system of universes could be even more intricate and complex than the biosphere of our planet.	Much of human biology is still speculative, and its interaction with environment is intricate.	Through an intricate series of hand gestures and melodic whistles, she quickly garnered its trust and shepherded it into our gated, side yard.	Here you can see intricate jewel-encrusted horse harnesses or the gold block designs on white headscarves.	Today, stenciling has become much more sophisticated, often involving intricate designs and any number of colors.	All the way down his arm, there was an intricate design of red, pink, and yellow roses on a vine.	As it tended to dry quickly, it was pinned up in intricate crosses and loops.	She looked fabulous from afar in an orange sheath dress with a sexy and intricate back cut-out.	As the rain pelted down, two security guards together with the chauffeur struggled to manipulate the gate's intricate alarm system which was on shutdown.	This intricate sequence wrapped us around the axle more than once during design and testing in the years preceding launch.	Axis and Alignment is a jazz tapestry accented by intricate minimalist patterns and incredibly fluid changes, a perpetually shifting sonic picture of gentle enlightenment.	A million things ran through her mind, like the many intricate threads in a spider's web, only these threads were made out of fear and perplexity.	There is no need to describe in intricate detail the debilitating obstacle course Indonesian women and their foreign husbands must negotiate in pursuit of wedded bliss.	Chavez was reluctant to discuss an active investigation, so he told me an intricate story that is a composite of real meth cases.	Children would especially be interested in Durer's humorous woodcut of an imaginary rhinoceros that displays an intricate decorative surface that covers the entire creature.	For many workers, their time in Singapore involves an intricate web of deals, kickbacks, dodgy contracts, exploitation and abuse.	Perhaps the most magnificent building in Jaisalmer is the Patwon-ki haveli, whose entire facade is covered with intricate latticework, Rajput balconies and gabled windows.	A remarkable gracefulness in movement was created in these intricate embellishments such as the acanthus and oak leaves, volute scroll and laurelling details.	Frantically twisting the leafy herbs into various intricate shapes of power, he adorned her chest, pointing them so that all invoked power would be directed to the amulet.	A rhapsody of intricate plots emerges and, with luck, hilarity ensues.	That supremely intricate and elusive organ became the left brain and the right brain, the grey matter and the white matter, the male brain and the female brain.	The stunts are staged to increase the spectacle, so that when cars pile into each other or toy robots battle, there is an intricate detail and near artistic quality.	Pulling a much-used library out of a community could start a chain of events toward destroying the intricate social webs which make neighbourhoods liveable.	He ran away with some quite sophisticated, intricate ideas and he got carried away with the intricacies of them and solving the technical problems that they led to.	While not many of us may know the intricate work that goes on there, we can be assured that it is a vibrant, positive, top-class facility in which we can take great pride.	The building looked very much like a country courthouse, with an intricate wrought iron sign hanging over the door, a pair of scales framed by swirling designs.	Though fairly simple animals, the tentacles of sea anemones are covered with intricate stinging cells used both for defence and for capturing prey.	I also like the turquoise blue color of the chips or beads that the kids are stringing together into that intricate design.	The hilt had vines and snakes twisting together in intricate designs.	It must be the compelling characters, the memorable lines, the intricate plots.	Made of found objects such as handheld yellow flashlights, measuring tape, wire and rulers, the intricate hodgepodge of elements seems about to peel away from the walls.	There was also the mesmeric Mexican duo Rodrigo and Gabriela, whose intricate and sun kissed slices of Spanish guitar made even the most hard hearted of Gringos jump for joy.	The one-off piece of furniture has central drawers that swing round on ball bearings to reveal secret compartments, and features intricate markings.	Global trade seems to require something a little more intricate.	The film is about a shell-shocked WWI veteran, who becomes obsessed with restoring the intricate mechanical Harrison clocks, regardless of the personal cost.	The table, made of maple and walnut, features curved legs, intricate dovetailed joints made by hand and dowels and biscuits to connect the various pieces.	Her eyes drifted to two of the freewomen with their long braided hair and brightly colored gowns with intricate tucks and folds draping in soft folds about them.	Darion found Bonnie on her balcony the next night, playing moodily with a moonflower off the vine that clung in an intricate arrangement around the French doors leading out.	This repeat bloomer also can be trained into intricate shapes.	With its intricate cartoons and satirical send-ups, the monthly magazine gained a reputation for skewering politicians, advertisers, TV shows and a variety of print outlets.	Natural fiber color variation, slubs and knots are an intricate part of each textile design and are used to enhance the beauty and texture of each pattern.	Traditional crafts include knotted and woven carpets made from wool or goat hair, basket-weaving, pottery, silver jewelry, intricate embroidery, and brassware.	The gray matter of the spinal cord is composed of the somata of neurons plus an intricate lattice of nerve processes, and supporting cells or neuroglia.	It's a wonderful pastiche complete with intricate guitars, massive melodies, heavenly harmonies, pop vibrancy, indie licks, and really astute attitude.	For the next three moves nothing existed for me but the sixty four black and white squares in front of me, on which twenty chess pieces fought an intricate dance of death.	The gecko tape is modeled on the gecko sole, an intricate fingernail-size surface covered with a half-million microscopic, hair-like structures known as setae.	The entire intricate construction covered more than one hectare of land, and the towers soared some 30 meters high, jauntily capped by Catalan flags and banners.	I've had a lot of fun with terms that are too intricate to vocalize myself, but you wouldn't catch me announcing such an unfortunate phrase in public.	I broke a bone in my hand which for me is a disaster as I am, or was, a sugarcraft artist and my work depends upon my dexterity for the intricate work involved.	Bovell penned the screenplay here as well, and though some of the dialogue veers on hokiness, for the most part he deserves praise for such an intricate web of characters.	Hairs and intricate patterns of dark lines show the bee the way.	She carried through that expertise to intricate knitwear, which included a poloneck woven from ribbed panels structured like the sections of a corset.	Standing at least twice her height, it was covered with ornate curves of brass and steel, forming a graceful and intricate pattern of swirls and loops.	As the man assembles without distinction samples from different areas, each track feeds on combined atmospheres, creating intricate impressionist patchworks of intense beauty.	Their spiritual leader is a vulturish photographer and scientist names Vaughan, played with intricate obsession by Montreal actor Elias Koteas.	His style was fit to convey the most intricate business to the understanding with the utmost clearness.	The low melting point together with the low viscosity of the alloy makes possible the production of small and intricate shapes.	Exquisite trapunto stitching forms an intricate design on the taupe pearlized leather seats with saddle brown piping.	In California, Linda Sohl-Donnell choreographs tap works to intricate Balinese compositions.	Inject a flavour of France into your living room with a combination of intricate furniture, toile de jouy patterns and clean, crisp walls.	Daylight pours in through a triple row of windows, illuminating the intricate stuccowork and golden ornamentation.	The exterior will feature intricate patterns of various concrete masonry units and face brick.	German artisans created intricate carved designs on their chests and other furniture, with painted scenes of flowers and birds.	Zooming in to the intricate boundary reveals more and more detail and self-similarity with subtle variations.	These gestures, performed with the nonchalance of a daily chore, appeared and disappeared arrhythmically, weaving an intricate texture.	Kathak is a classical dance form from north India, characterised by intricate foot work, stylised gestures and postures rife with symbolisation.	Bobbin lace making is a new offer for 2015, involving the intricate task of braiding thread to create delicate lace work.	Important components of pastoralism include low population density, mobility, vitality, and intricate information systems.	Carving is often highly detailed, with an intricate backing behind the main figure in high relief.	The plot gets more and more intricate as the story continues.	A more intricate triadic relationship was advanced 15 years ago in a multitherapist project headed by Bieber.	It delivers a consistent blast of gas with variable control, and is invertible for cleaning intricate areas or where access is restricted.	The clew, without which it was perilous to enter the vast and intricate maze of Continental politics, was in his hands.	It is as though poetry teases her mercilessly for the intricate reflexiveness of her dealings.	Despite his gumshoe appellation, Banks never gets to exhibit ratiocinative brilliance or to engage in intricate spadework.	The collection is adorned with precious stones, intricate metal designs and pearlescent accents, and utilises hand-made Italian materials.	A classically trained musician and a self-taught LIPA-honed player, they combine intricate, percussive guitar and compelling vocals.	The Insular style is most famous for its highly dense, intricate and imaginative decoration, which takes elements from several earlier styles.	In both groups, however, we find copious and intricate speciation so that, often, species limits are narrow and ill defined.	Castello del Buonconsiglio in Trento, Italy, still has intricate frescoes, excellent examples of Gothic art, in a tower room.	No one knows this better than Paul Le Pinnet, an awardwinning glass-blower who moulds molten glass into intricate shapes for scientists.	Food of all kinds laid out on a table, silver cutlery, intricate patterns and subtle folds in table cloths and flowers all challenged painters.	The embroidery edging the cloak is often in silver or gold thread and it is intricate in detail.	Carved designs in lacquerware and designs glazed onto porcelain wares displayed intricate scenes similar in complexity to those in painting.	Cox's Cave, discovered in 1837, is smaller but contains many intricate formations.
English	Polish	grid	krata	Construction is remarkably and necessarily simple, based on a 5m square modular steel grid.	A grid of supple oak laths was laid flat, then gradually lowered over 15 weeks to its undulating form.	The architect ensured that some rainwater would go into the soil by specifying permeable grid pavers.	Floor duct systems are a network, or grid, of metal raceways with channels that can accommodate both electrical wiring and technology cable.	The costs grid has been the subject of comment among the bar and the judiciary.	Several practice sessions will run in advance of two qualifying sessions to set the grid for the first two races.	His battery went flat just before the cars were due to go on to the grid and he was forced to start from the pitlane.	New York is set up as a strong grid system, with blocks being equal in width and length throughout most of the city.	To help users locate these features, each item on this list was keyed to a geometric grid that was overprinted on the face of the maps.	A Danish engineer, Johannes Juul, was the first to connect a wind turbine with an AC generator to the electrical grid.	The game board is a rectangular grid of squares, initially occupied by a given configuration of filled squares.	Telepathic Turkey, a multicolored painting that suggests a large gobbler's brain scan, utilizes a variety of methods for filling in the grid.	Like the immensely popular numbers puzzle, Su Doku, which The Times introduced to Britain, the acrostic word square is based on a grid.	Both observers took notes to remind them of key events and used an observation grid to write these notes up in more detail later.	The plane of best focus is determined at a number of grid positions regularly distributed across the scan area.	Start to draw the slope at the left-hand vertical line of grid, which is the y-axis.	Acquire a ten-digit grid location of a landmark easily picked out on imagery such as a road intersection.	Glass doors on adjacent cabinets feature a muntin grid similar to those on the window sashes.	More than likely they'll do this via the telecommunications grid through a phone socket.	If it needs changing after qualifying starts, the driver will be moved to the back of the grid.	The idea is to draw a grid on the pants front and back pattern and a create a matching grid on the existing pants using the narrow tape.	In one photo, flower pots have been arranged in a grid formation on stained cement.	The armed separatist group placed bombs on two high-tension electricity towers run by grid operator Red Electrica.	Entrances to the building are through high triangular archways cut out of the diamond grid of the facade.	The 5-foot draft wing keel is antimonious lead and fastened to the structural grid network with stainless bolts.	I know how much you like aptonyms, so I just thought I'd pass on that my company has a smart grid expert named Ken Van Meter.	The yard goods usually had small-scale repeat patterning, often a simple diamond grid, a mixture of thin stripes and diamonds, or small lozenges.	The chaste but imposing exterior is revetted with a grid of limestone slabs and punctuated by broad wooden doors.	The grid is held together by the infrastructure equivalent of duct tape and prayer.	Eight years earlier Edward I had been persuaded to help resite the borough, and by 1283 his town planners had laid out a grid of streets on a hilltop at a place called Iham.	The varied orientations of tiny fold patterns in the smallest grid boxes recall semaphore flags or suggest LED elements in a Times Square news zipper.	Had you retained this lattice, the ceiling above would have required replastering, as the unsightly remedial works would have been visible through the grid.	When Columbus landed on what is now Puerto Rico, he saw Taino natives slow-roasting meat on a grid over a pit filled with smoldering, burned down wood.	Suspended ceilings are hung from the ceiling joists with a metal grid.	After a kissing gate by a cattle grid, the track rises up towards Buchan.	There, after I've sorted and arranged various ingredients, I jack in for twenty minutes and plant some useful subroutines in the city utilities grid.	From sixth on the grid, Tom made a strong start and was side-by-side with the SEAT of Rob Huff going into the first corner, the right-hander Clearveaux.	India's electricity grid is clearly inadequate and badly needs upgrading.	My bike accelerates faster, though, and it's a lot more agile, and I have a clear picture in my head of the city grid for this section and a feel for the traffic rhythms.	A grid of rhomboid forms, like windows in a high-rise, tilts and careens to the upper right of the 12-foot expanse of Lost Highway, as though rushing away.	Components such as keel, engine beds, mast step, structural bulkheads and rigging loads are all connected to the grid, resulting in a very rigid and strong structure.	It is necessary to hold these pastilles in place, which is done by means of a grid or frame, of antimonious lead, surrounding and firmly binding them.	The power produced will be used by the house, while excess power will flow into the grid and be used by nearby homes.	There, clear, was Arthur's seat, the Georgian grid of the new town, the apron of streets spreading downhill, northwards, to Leith and to the firth.	The grid simulates the appearance of individual panes of glass, and also offers the advantage of easy removability to simplify both painting and cleaning.	No, I'm not. That would only make sense if the grid power were persistently unreliable, which it isn't. Nor am I using a suicide cable.	Draw another grid, and use these animal clues to make a second word square.	He says that when the pumps in the reverse osmosis plant are not running, power generated goes back into the electrical grid.	All this breadcrumbing finished, you can put the meat on a grid over a baking dish and leave it until you are ready to cook it.	There have also been proposals for a transnational power grid in the North Sea to connect new offshore wind farms.	Following Marinos, he assigned coordinates to all the places and geographic features he knew, in a grid that spanned the globe.	They would lay out the streets at right angles, in the form of a square grid.	Is that a see-through grid by Alan Shields next to the jacquardlike abstraction by Jay Heikes?	Brad hesitated, peering at the grid of spun sugar that jutted from his loganberry parfait.	By multiplying these modules into a grid, the structure could be extended virtually infinitely.	Any penalties that affect grid position are applied at the end of qualifying.	American Championship Car Racing has also contributed to the Formula One grid with mixed results.	If more engines are used, he drops ten places on the starting grid of the event at which an additional engine is used.	Parts of the circuit, such as the starting grid, are 17 metres wide, complying with the latest safety guidelines.	At the Portuguese Grand Prix Hill charged from the back of the grid to third, having stalled on the warm up lap from pole.	Both cars were forced to retire and Hamilton was given a 10 position grid penalty for the next race, the French Grand Prix.	In the next race, the Chinese Grand Prix, Hamilton did not set a time in qualifying so started at the back of the grid.	Button's win bettered Nigel Mansell's 1989 win from 12th on the grid at the Hungaroring.	At the next race in Monaco, Damon Hill was the only Williams on the grid, as a mark of respect to Senna, and retired on the first lap.	Barrichello started third on the grid, behind the rejuvenated McLaren Mercedes cars of Lewis Hamilton and Heikki Kovalainen.	During their final season in 2001 the drivers, Jenson Button and Giancarlo Fisichella, were often on the back two rows of the grid.	At the Spanish Grand Prix the two drivers were the other way around, with Webber on pole position and Vettel second on the grid.	Webber qualified fifth but after a 3 place grid penalty started the race in seventh.	The city centre is based on a grid system of streets on the north bank of the River Clyde.	Manhattan's street grid plan greatly influenced the city's physical development.	The datum, along with a map projection applied to a grid of reference locations, establishes a grid system for plotting locations.	Other than the diagonals, all streets are on a rectangular grid, and are numbered consecutively.	Nonconstruction of the facilities described would preclude the integration of the Skagit Plant into the BPA main grid.	The nonextrapolation to zero in the upper plot might have resulted from systematic experimental error in the grid measurements.	Sometimes people living in cities with a regularly spaced street grid will speak of long blocks and short blocks.	He has no desire to be found. His place was off the grid. The cabin had no television, phone, or computer.	Those city properties did not go completely off the grid, but they sharply reduced the amount of power they drew from it, he said.	If you're annoying folks, you'll essentially cease to exist, as those you annoy drop you off the grid.	An interconnected electric power grid will already include reserve generating and transmission capacity to allow for equipment failures.	The scale device is not grid connected and dissipates the small amount of power it generates as heat into the sea.	Generated electricity is fed to ESB Networks distribution grid through the Arklow National Grid Substation.	An airborne wind farm is a group of airborne wind energy systems near to each other, connected to the grid in the same point.	The pumping power could be provided by excess to grid demand renewable energy from for example wind turbines or solar photovoltaic arrays.	The first prototype was connected to the power grid in 2003 and is currently deployed in Nissum Bredning, Denmark.	The Normans laid out the streets on a grid system, a plan which can still be seen today.	Wheeler developed the grid system of excavation, which was further improved by his student Kathleen Kenyon.	Thus the grid lines varied slightly for charts produced in different eras, due to the natural changes of the Earth's magnetic declination.	The street grid is laid out with a system of plazas that are similar to roundabouts or junctions.	The lint cleaners again use saws and grid bars, this time to separate immature seeds and any remaining foreign matter from the fibers.	Wind energy's main problem is that it is intermittent and therefore needs grid extensions and energy storage to be a reliable main energy source.	The following is a list of known meres of the eastern English Fenland with their grid references.	They can also be used inside a building, for example as a grid behind windows or skylights to prevent people from climbing through.	The focus of the gardens is a square paved with rubiginous bricks and planted with a regular grid of maple trees.	She believes it is even possible to live off the grid in inner city areas, but that requires being a functioning part of a community.	It is a digitized computer that enables the FO to quickly determine a 10-digit grid and then mensurate that grid if the circumstances permit.	At night, the homes will continue to draw power from the grid.	The entire grid, except tail-enders HRT, are taking part in the four-day test.	This was done to the nearest division of a micrometric grid incorporated in a binocular microscope.	The old ceiling tiles, installed on an ancient black grid, were replaced with 110 sqm of Armstrong Dune Tegular tiles.	While negotiating the track, the front of the vehicle slipped off a cattle grid crossing a stream, and sank into mud, leaving it stuck.	The drive continues over a cattle grid and culminates at the house where there is a triple carport.	The Central Electricity Board standardised the nation's electricity supply and established the first synchronised AC grid, running at 132 kilovolts and 50 Hertz.	Most pulping operations using the kraft process are net contributors to the electricity grid or use the electricity to run an adjacent paper mill.	For most developers coming to deploy at EMEC, installation at these facilities will be the first time their device has been in the open sea and grid connected.	Once the wave energy is captured at a wave source, power must be carried to the point of use or to a connection to the electrical grid by transmission power cables.	On June 27, 1954, the world's first nuclear power station to generate electricity for a power grid started operations at the Soviet city of Obninsk.	Individuals may purchase these systems to reduce or eliminate their dependence on grid electric power for economic reasons, or to reduce their carbon footprint.	Transmission systems operators will supply a wind farm developer with a grid code to specify the requirements for interconnection to the transmission grid.	As the proportion of wind power in a region increases, a need to upgrade the grid, and a lowered ability to supplant conventional production can occur.	The tree-lined gravelled drive, approached over a cattle grid, sweeps between indigenous woodland and post and rail paddocks towards an electrically operated gate.	The road system in Milford Haven centre is based on a grid pattern.	Dropping coal plants from the mix will imperil the reliability of the grid, leading to forced black-outs and brown-outs, and affecting the quality of life of Americans.	If a car fails scrutineering, the driver will be excluded from qualifying, but will be allowed to start the race from the back of the grid at the race steward's discretion.	Financial issues befell the squad before they even made the grid.	All of the busbar RTGs will run on electricity drawn from the local grid.	Within days, the Green Berets helped the town to elect a mayor and set up markets, get sixty percent of the electricity grid working and repair water supplies.	Using the gromae they then laid out a grid on the plan of the road.	At the Turkish Grand Prix, Webber again took pole position, taking the team's run of pole positions to seven consecutive races, with Vettel third on the grid.	The basic plan consisted of a central forum with city services, surrounded by a compact, rectilinear grid of streets, and wrapped in a wall for defense.	The Japanese driver finished in tenth despite starting from near the back of the grid, while Rosberg enjoyed his best race of the season, finishing in fourth.	Twelfth on the grid for today's race, the veteran from Twynholm, Kirkcudbrightshire, is currently overshadowed by British championship leader Lewis Hamilton.	This will help KEA realize significant savings in its operating costs by maximizing the wind energy generated at Pillar Mountain without sacrificing grid stability.	Before the beginning of the field studies, the territory of Daugavpils City was mapped in a regular grid, and quadrats of 500 m x500 m were obtained.	The system backfired on Red Bull in Abu Dhabi though when it overheated due to the grid taking so long to form, and Vettel crashed off on the second bend.	Push the vertical mower over the entire lawn in a series of straight passes, then go over it again in perpendicular rows, covering the area in a grid pattern.	At his first event at Donington Park, he retired three laps into the sprint race, meaning he would start the feature race in 19th position on the grid.	The new Layout Grid composition tool provides guidelines that follow photography's Rule of Thirds, but can be customized to other desired grid patterns.	Human waste could be turned into biomethane and pumped into the gas grid.	Programs are executed by selecting the Run Machine Instruction button or the Run Without Pause button under the register trace grid, or pressing F8 or F9 as a shortcut.	In fact, by increasing plate and grid voltages in the amplifier, I can pretty nearly burn out a man's brain.	If we put a battery in the grid circuit we can let EC represent the number of volts applied to the grid-filament or C-circuit.	The grid paintings, which were made between 1965 and 1980 and resemble teeming, aureate Tetris boards, continue in this vein.	At the negative plate, we have pure spongy lead, and the grid.	Brown says Ontario was exporting power, some of which was produced at Atikokan, on the grid to Manitoba.	For men adrift the blaze of it fries them like fish on a grid.	In recent years, summers in Egypt have brought ongoing power outages as the grid struggles to keep up with demand, with Upper Egypt suffering more than Cairo and Lower Egypt.
English	Polish	cortical	korowa	Diverse subsets of cortical interneurons play a particularly important role in the stability of the neural circuits.	An x-ray is taken postoperatively to verify that the acetabulum is corrected and the acetabular fragment is secured with cortical screws.	External root hairs occur in a pattern governed by the arrangement of underlying cortical cells.	The cytoplasm of medullar cells stains deeply with toluidine blue, while the cytoplasm of cortical cells stains faintly.	During the first phase, the proteins are translocated within the first 10 minutes of stress which is accompanied by cortical reinforcement.	With use of biodegradable anchors inserted into cortical bone, suture breakage at the knot was the predominant failure mode.	External to the vascular bundles is another set of canals, the vallecular canals or cortical canals.	Similarly, cortical bone is less prone to diagenetic contamination than porous, cancellous bone tissue.	Adrenal cortical carcinomas and adenomas can have a variety of histologic features.	The cortical system of arterial branches ramifies over the cerebrum to supply the cortex with arterioles that anastomose in the pia mater.	Common findings on brain imaging include enlarged ventricles, widened cortical sulci, and cerebral, cerebellar, or brain stem atrophy.	The locus coeruleus is one of a number of subcortical loci involved in modulating cortical activity and awareness.	The lesions characteristically involve subcortical white matter, extending to the lower layers of the cortical ribbon.	At one month of age there is intensive activity in the cortical and subcortical regions that control sensory-motor functions.	Untreated cells from the AF and TZ showed a cortical localization of actin as visualized by immunofluorescent labeling.	The initiation of cortical cell collapse was observed 5-6 cell layers from the innermost unmodified cortical layer.	His work spans the fields of auditory perception, cortical plasticity and disorders such as dyslexia and focal dystonia.	This work has determined that separate cortical areas of the brain are responsive to different kinds of visual information.	They concluded that the cortical stimulation does not affect one's intention to act.	Samples of renal cortical tissue from mice were examined with the electron microscope.	The cortical layer is actually the middle or inner layer of the hair shaft that provides the strength, elasticity and shape of the curly hair.	In well-watered primary roots, the length of mature cortical cells increased slightly.	In the soil solution, nitrate is carried towards the root by bulk flow and is taken up by epidermal and cortical cells of the root.	After partial decerebration, the thymic cortical and medullary compartments diminished markedly in size.	The average water content of the bone specimens, measured using gravimetric methods is in the normal range for cortical bone.	A computed tomographic scan of the chest showed an expansile, septated, lytic bone lesion with cortical disruption.	As it pursues its arched course, the superior longitudinal fasciculus gathers and sheds nerve fibers from various cortical areas, and so links them to each other.	The bones show increased vascularity, porosity, and osteoclastic activity, resulting in the thinning of cortical bone and loss of intramedullary trabecular bone.	The ratio of cortical arousal to subcortical activation was significantly smaller in the infants who died of SIDS than in the control infants during REM sleep.	Despite the growing interest in CING its cytoarchitectonic characterization and parcellation remains controversial, remaining one of the less explored cortical regions.	Actin microfilaments are found perpendicular to the cortical microtubules and may be the source of motion to propel the directional motions of the fluid membrane.	Made of what is called cortical bone, the outer shell is remarkably thin.	Sleep researchers divide up sleep time into stages, mainly defined by the electrical activity of cortical neurons represented as brain waves by an electroencephalograph.	Almost all depressed, anxious, and insomnious patients have weak adrenal cortical health.	Such an osteoclastic activity occurs in Haversian channels of cortical bone and subperiostal and endosteal surfaces.	Infusion of prostacyclin following experimental brain injury in the rat reduces cortical lesion volume.	The anterior cingulated cortex is a major cortical area of the limbic loop system, integrating emotion and cognition.	No reduction in albuminuria, glomerulosclerotic index or cortical collagen deposition was observed.	The cetacean skeleton is largely made up of cortical bone, which stabilizes the animal in the water.	The hard outer layer of bones is composed of cortical bone also called compact bone.	Impaired water permeability and adenylate cyclase responsiveness of the cortical collecting tubule to vasopressin.	Secobarbital attenuates excitotoxicity but potentiates oxygen glucose deprivation neuronal injury in cortical cell culture.	Inside are layers of cancellus bone, which are spongy and softer than cortical bone.	The tonic events associated with REM sleep includes desynchronization of the cortical EEG, theta rhythm in the hippocampus and muscle atonia.	The dyscoria OS persisted, but an anterior cortical cataract with posterior synechia was visualized.	Cranial magnetic resonance imaging revealed subependimal hamartomas and cortical tubers.	Carbohydrate analysis of the zona pellucida and cortical granules of human oocytes by means of ultrastructural cytochemistry.	The fine structure of cortical granules in eggs and gastrulae of Mytilus edulis.	However, the role of specific interneuron subtypes in the emergence of functional properties or in the modulation of spontaneous cortical dynamics is still unclear.	They explain laboratory techniques for investigating such topics as genetic processes, mating types, microneuclei and macronuclei, cortical morphogenesis, and behavior.	Other findings included supratentorial ventriculomegaly, diffuse cerebral cortical atrophy with prominent cortical sulci and extra-axial CSF spaces.	Quantification of trabecular and cortical bone morphometric indices was performed in the regions of metaphysis and diaphysis in the proximal tibias, respectively.	Thus, the deformations of word contour, in particular, its syllabic content, can show the kinetic apraxia and interest of efferent cortical systems of brain.	The cortical, hemispheral or superficial veins ramify on the surface of the brain and return the blood from the cortical substance into the venous sinuses.	Since jaw bone is comprised of cancelous bone, as opposed to cortical, we are confident trabecular implants are going to be a great solution for many of our patients.	Rather, bacteria penetrated intercellularly between the base of root hair cells and adjacent epidermal and cortical cells to trigger nodule formation.	His motivation had been thalamic rather than cortical and he was having trouble externalizing it verbally.	In the centre of this chambered cortical shell lies constantly a trizonal or Larnacilla-shaped medullary shell.	On counting its cortical layers, it was ascertained to be about 500 years old.	The medullary shell is usually to be regarded as a primary, the cortical as a secondary structure.	Shell composed of four concentric shells, two ellipsoidal cortical shells, and two spherical medullary shells.	In many cases, also, the striation is not confined to the apertures, but spreads over the whole cortical layer.	Three gates of the cortical shell roundish, on the inside with an interradial spine, little broader than the quadrangular arms.	Obtain navigated TMS system is designed for mapping of cortical activity in sleep mode, or the activation of a variety during the.
English	Polish	pituitary	przysadka	Mark suffers from a rare condition called pituitary giantism, caused by the excess secretion of the pituitary growth hormone.	Histology showed necrosed tissue, which was strongly indicative of pituitary adenoma.	The posterior lobe of the pituitary gland or neurohypophysis contains unique glial elements referred to as pituicytes.	This is not caused by an over use of steroids but by a growth or tumour on her pituitary gland.	The Sahasrara or crown chakra is related to the pituitary gland and externalizes at the vertex of the scalp.	The pituitary hormones are carried via the systemic circulation to target tissues throughout the body.	The pituitary, in turn, tells the fetal adrenal gland to secrete more cortisol.	Reflexologists say these areas are connected to the adrenals, pituitary glands and uterus, respectively.	The discovery of the pituitary gland as the controller of the body's hormonal balance was an important milestone in endocrinology.	The secretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary stimulates the formation of cartilage and bones.	Furthermore, no pigmented pituitary adenomas, to our knowledge, have been reported.	A skull radiograph did not show a fracture, but he had a coincidental expanded pituitary fossa.	Patients who have recently had major surgery are at increased risk of pituitary apoplexy.	The dura also forms a diaphragm above the pituitary gland, through which passes the pituitary stalk, joining the gland to the hypothalamus.	A damaged or malfunctioning pituitary gland may not produce enough hormones for normal growth.	This hormone stimulates the pituitary, another endocrine gland near the brain, to secrete adrenocorticotropic hormone.	People with this condition may also have abnormalities of the brain and pituitary gland.	During delta sleep, the pituitary gland secretes a growth hormone that stimulates tissue repair, allowing muscles to mend.	Within the first year of birth, secretion of growth hormone by the pituitary gland commences.	The basisphenoid bears a deep, central depression at this point called the sella turcica or pituitary fossa.	Acquired forms of growth hormone deficiency include tumors of the pituitary, hypothalamus and optic nerve.	And oestriol is a measure of the function of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis, or the HPA axis in the foetus.	Hypothyroidism can also develop secondary to hypothalamic and pituitary disorders.	In stress situations, there is a decline in secretion of growth hormone from the pituitary gland.	Normally the hypothalamus coordinates the activity of the pituitary gland through the secretion of peptides and amines.	Measurements of thyroid hormone and cortisol levels should be considered because hypogonadism may occur with pituitary aplasia.	Having attended this conference, I am now finding the pituitary clinics to be more rewarding and stimulating.	His condition was the result of overproduction of growth hormone caused by a benign tumour on the pituitary gland.	This attention actually relates to the developmental molecular biology of the pituitary, rather than to osteology.	In all tetrapods, LPFs in the environment result in release of adrenocorticotropin from the precursor molecule pro-opiomelanocortin in the anterior pituitary.	Oral contraceptives inhibit pituitary production of follicle-stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone by providing synthetic estrogen and progesterone to the user.	Excessive pigmentation can be caused by oversecretion of adrenocorticotrophic hormones and an associated melanocyte-stimulating hormone from the pituitary gland.	The two cavernous sinuses are large veins lying within the skull cavity, immediately behind each eye socket and on either side of the pituitary gland.	Some of these supplements, called glandulars, contain bovine brain, pituitary, pineal gland, and spinal cord, all organs where infectious prions may concentrate.	In high concentrations, arginine induces several hormones, including pituitary growth hormone, insulin, vasopressin, adrenal catecholamines, and somatostatin.	Scenarios of pituitary evolution traditionally focused on the base of the chordates consistent with the exclusively chordate nature of the pituitary structure.	The pituitary is a pea-sized gland situated near the base of the skull.	But he said it was the pituitary tumour that had killed her in June.	Although the tumors are thought to arise from the posterior pituitary glial cells, none of the patients experienced diabetes insipidus at presentation.	Most pituitary tumors are noncancerous, nonspreading growths.	After all of the ADH stored in the damaged part of the posterior pituitary gland has been released, hyponatremic phase ends.	Bernardo Houssay, the first Latin American among them, discovered the role of pituitary hormones in regulating glucose in animals.	It has neurons which generate and release pulses of GnRH into the portal venous system of the pituitary gland.	Long-term results of transsphenoidal pituitary microsurgery in 60 acromegalic patients.	The pituitary gland is a pea-sized endocrine gland situated at the base of the brain.	India-born World Wrestling Entertainment star the Great Khali has undergone surgery to remove a pituitary gland tumour that caused his gigantism.	According to an Arabic newspaper, the tumour in the patient's pituitary glands was putting pressure on his optic nerve.	She was born not only with a cleft lip, she was born without a pituitary gland, so she has panhypopituitarism.	The sixth chakra, Ajna and seventh, Sahasrara, are located at the pineal and pituitary glands.	We hypothesize that AA is a vitaminergic transmitter that activates the release of both FSH and LH from the anterior pituitary gland.	He also has a rare condition called panhypopituitarism where his pituitary gland is suffering complete failure.	A pituitary mass may cause visual field deficits, and prolactinomas specifically can cause galactorrhea.	This protocol applies only to pituitary adenomas, hyperplasias, and carcinomas and to craniopharyngiomas.	The researchers have also found that it doesn't fall apart when heated and is toxic to mammalian neural and pituitary cells grown in the lab.	The posterior pituitary gland or neurohypophysis secretes antidiuretic hormone and oxytocin.	Ectopic pituitary tumors can arise along the path of embryonic development of the pituitary gland, usually in the sphenoid sinus.	The tumour was located 11cm deep into Martin's brain and was attached onto his pituitary gland.	Hyperprolactinemia results from abnormal estrogen negative feedback via the pituitary gland.	Evidence for a specific mineralocorticoid receptor in rat pituitary and brain.	The sella turcica is situated superoposteriorly and contains the pituitary gland.	His research on pancreatic and pituitary hormones of camels led to the critical discovery that lipotropin is a pro-hormone of endorphin.	Treatment of schwannomas, pituitary disease, gliomas, aneurysms, are covered, as well as the use of neurostimulation for pain, and the Gamma knife.	A comparison of isolated growth hormone deficiency and multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies in 35 patients with idiopathic hypopituitary dwarfism.	The endocrine reproductive system consists of the hypothalamus, the pituitary, the gonads, and the adrenal glands, with input and regulation from many other body systems.	Both these drugs prompt the pituitary to secrete follicle-stimulating hormone, which enhances the growth of small follicles and thus can trigger ovulation.	Anthony, from Bordesley Green, suffers with rare hormonal disorder Cushing's Syndrome, caused by a tumour in the pituitary gland next to the brain.	Their results revealed that subsets of neurons expressing thyrotropin-releasing hormone and pituitary adenylate cylcase-activating polypeptide were in on the neuronal chatter.	On referral to our endocrine center, imaging of her pituitary revealed no evidence of a prolactinoma, although a small incidental tentorial meningioma was seen.	The pituitary gland responds to the pulsed GnRH signals by releasing LH and FSH into the blood of the general circulation, also in a pulsatile pattern.	Retrospective analysis of patients after iMRI-guided resection of pituitary tumors shows that total resections improved in approximately 30 percent of the cases.	To test their hypothesis, the scientists engineered mice with missing insulin receptors in their pituitary glands and compared them to mice with intact insulin receptors.	Ilene complained that she developed hemicrania migraines, which her physician believed had been caused by trauma during the procedure to remove the suspected pituitary tumor.	Close to the base of the fore-brain are seen the mouth, and the pituitary involution from this.	In such cases, an autopsy shows an alteration of the pituitary gland, often due to malignant tumors.	Epinephrin, or pituitary extract, is used as an adjuvant intravenously to increase the cardiac movement after it has been started.	It has been found that an abnormality quite like brachydactyly is produced by abnormality in the pituitary gland.	Goldstein reported a case of gigantism from overactivity of the pituitary gland after castration.	It may be identified with the infundibulum, pituitary body, and cella turcica.	The pineal gland and the pituitary body are adjuncts of the brain whose functions have long been in latency.	Under the fore-brain appears an epiblastic involution giving rise both to the mouth and to the pituitary body.	This addition causes their biting and desiccating effect on the pituitary membrane.	The origin of the pituitary body from the roof of the mouth was first described by Rathke.	Effects of Carp pituitary and Mammalian ACTH on the endocrine and lymphoid stem of the teleost, Astyanax Mexicans.	From its lower surface is suspended the hypophysis or pituitary gland.
English	Polish	endocrine system	uk³ad hormonalny	Sugar unbalances the endocrine system, which includes the adrenal glands, pancreas and liver, causing the blood-sugar level to fluctuate widely.	It is also used for abnormalities of the urogenital system and internal endocrine system.	Some of these chemicals may mimic hormones, thereby disrupting the endocrine system.	The foundations of the endocrine system are the hormones and glands.	Your GP refers you to an endocrinologist when you have a problem with your endocrine system, such as an underactive thyroid.	The endocrine system together with nervous system regulates and controls many internal body functions.	Endocrinology, a branch of medicine deals with the study of structural and functional elements of the endocrine system.	Some plastic additives are known to disrupt the endocrine system when consumed, others can suppress the immune system or decrease reproductive rates.	Continuous researches for the past two decades show us that specific chemicals are threatening the normal functioning for the endocrine system of humans.
English	Polish	relay	przekazaæ	If a single atom of the substance decays, it will activate a relay mechanism which trips a hammer.	Functioning like tuning forks, the stones vibrate or relay the EM world frequency.	The relay units will send information on the number of open spots to a centralized computer in San Jose via dedicated fast lines.	In 2002, it was the first regional station in Ireland to relay the celebration from Lourdes.	Also qualifying for the 400 free relay were Ashley Tappin and Amy Van Dyken, along with alternates Courtney Shealy and Erin Phenix.	They in turn are at the mercy of the power companies for electricity to transmitters and relay stations.	You can seek out information or relay information or just find another person who shares your love of zydeco music.	In the relay, the Americans got sweet revenge for a five-second defeat to the Aussies four years ago in Sydney, while Italy took bronze.	Previously, they were only permitted to listen in on satellite and radio relay links.	There will also be an air exclusion zone over central London and police helicopters will relay aerial pictures to the control room.	They're more amenable to control within State borders than radio waves beamed out from transmission towers, relay stations and satellites.	The telematic device can also relay information about the whereabouts of the vehicle!	The greatest advantage is instant communication within the grid, computer to computer and relay to relay.	Seabed sensors detect abnormal wave movements and relay the information to scientists.	She pours bile on him in print and he responds acidly when journalists relay her comments.	We have a couple of Uzbeki goatherds waiting on nearby hills to relay the message back to London.	The Queen will also visit Leeds and attend a garden party at Harewood House on July 11-the day of the baton's relay through the city.	He even anchored the Canadian 4x100m relay team to glorious victory over the Americans.	The relay stays energized until time out and then it deenergizes ready for the next operation.	Yanes has qualified in the men's 100m dash and the 4x100m relay, along with Sukari, Subakir and John Murray.	As a fierce relay anchor, Correia has the fastest 50 and 100-yard freestyle relay splits in history.	Most aircraft carry transponders, devices that relay a plane's identification, altitude and speed to ground controllers.	Yesterday, as if to make amends, the 26-year-old Welshwoman turned out for the team at 200m and in the 4x400m relay.	After the program exited, it placed the RTS line in its original low state, de-energizing the relay.	There was football, netball, basketball, cricket, tug of war, relay races, wa-wee, dominoes and several events for children.	The video relay module reads a separate gigabit Ethernet network connection devoted to video.	He continued his work showing how Boolean algebra could be used to synthesise and simplify relay switching circuits.	The marathon, together with its linked fun run, relay and wheelchair race, passed off without incident.	A speaker system has been rigged up to relay the service to crowds outside.	After a brief break, the group reassembled and began to relay information they had found within the past few days.	The British Olympic trials in 2000 only earned him a place in a relay squad, with no guarantee of a swim.	There is also a true relay bypass that allows signal to pass even if the unit is off.	The event will also include a half-marathon, wheelchair race, four-person relay and 5K race.	Pigeon Island was later a whaling station, a U.S. naval relay station during WWII, and home to a retired British actress.	I built a flip-flop circuit, flipped the switch, watched the relay click on and remain on.	The idea behind the relay is to unite the world and infuse the planet with the Olympic spirit.	Anyone who surfs or who has done a significant amount of marine boating experience can relay a story about a rogue wave.	Stephen won the Under 14 60m sprint, 60m hurdles, high jump and under 15 relay.	Aberdeen coastguards broadcast a Mayday relay message to all vessels in the area and the vessel Dea Mariner responded and steamed to the area.	The four girls ran a cracking 4x100m relay to record a second consecutive relay win in the League.	He became a U.S. citizen in 1995 and in 2000 won three Olympic golds, in the 100 and 200 meter back and 400 medley relay.	An emissary was sent to Suva, to relay first-hand that nothing could be done.	Her Olympic silver medal came in Los Angeles in 1984 as a member of the Canadian 4x400-metre relay team.	As often as once a week, teams of relay runners compete in a long race that may begin far out on the plain, ending with a dash into the village.	James also performed superbly in some track events and led his team to victory in the relay races, as well.	Congratulations to Patrick O'Reilly and Martin Davis who won gold medals in the relay.	Kienan Ademetria brushed his long chestnut braid off of his shoulder as he continued to work on the circuit relay.	The FM relay ensures this part of Malawi can enjoy the same high quality FM sound as its neighbours in Lilongwe and Blantyre.	The dishes send and receive signals off an orbiting network relay, which transmits messages to and from a central data center.	An optical relay provides the image of the gunner's sight to the commander.	It had been planned originally to operate a transmitter serving Pembrokeshire with a relay serving the Lleyn Peninsula.	In Rwanda, BBC Swahili will broadcast its coverage on the BBC relay in Kigali on 93.9 FM in Swahili.	No I didn't, because I didn't want to relay him any incorrect information, and I didn't know exactly what was going on myself.	These receive signals from the homes and relay them to larger broadcast towers for processing.	Some servers are shipped from the factory with software preset to relay e-mail messages automatically.	They passed off Samantha like a baton, alternately sprinting through the relay of grocery shopping, dry cleaning drop-offs, and gas tank fill-ups.	Among his discoveries in electro magnetism were mutual induction, self-induction, the electro magnetic relay and the concept of the electric transformer.	The home crowd were enthralled by Latapy, but the scrum of scouts there to watch Darryl Duffy left with one breathtaking moment to relay to their employers.	Highlights of the day were the native dances and songs and other cultural shows presented by the various groups and the much fun-filled obstacle relay.	When asked how she feels about paving the way for abortion education on the Internet, Steinauer was quick to relay her enthusiasm.	He searched for the right words to relay this information with brevity.	The relay offers an opportunity for millions of people to be directly involved in the games and celebrate the Queen's 50 years as British sovereign.	On 16 July, as the relay moves on towards the Midlands, BBC Radio Oxford's Drivetime presenter Dominic Cotter will be running with the baton in Banbury.	The next day she reported that she qualified for the 400-meter relay team.	A series of inter-club juvenile relay races is also on the programme.	The FM radio decode feature uses radio data system information to relay the station call sign, song title, or artist, for display on the PC monitor.	It was a relay event in which a group of basketball players dribble the ball for a short distance, where another group of players takes over, and the relay continues.	They also make phone calls and relay data to third-party fitness apps such as MapMyRun.	As far as possible, radio relay stations ought to be placed at a distance from the mountaintop that obstructs the path but in a manner that it be seen from either station.	The relay events are always exciting, and as the final track event, they generate considerable interest, not least from all the fellow athletes watching.	On Sunday, the team will paddle for glory in the single craft relay race at the junior championships to put their newly-acquired skills to the test.	I know many administrators face the problem of allowing only certain authorized individuals access to their mail server without making it a relay for low-life spammers.	When Thorpe arrived for the relay final, therefore, wet from having just won a world record-breaking 400 metres, it was hard to imagine that he could live up to the billing.	This capability will serve both to relay detailed findings of the instruments on the orbiter and enable data relay from other landers on the Martian surface to Earth.	It makes sense having radio relay stations operate in the meter waveband.	The control unit also has a receiver electrically connected to the relay switch and is adapted to receive a control signal for actuating the relay switch.	For example, a surfboard company can pinpoint and relay ads solely to young teens in California, who have shown an interest in surfboarding.	The hills have been used as a location for telecommunication relay stations such as Stokenchurch BT Tower and that at Zouches Farm.	William Walton, solicitor for Keats's mother and grandmother, definitely did know and had a duty of care to relay the information to Keats.	The Olympics torch relay ran from 19 May to 27 July 2012, before the Games.	The relay was sponsored by Cadbury Schweppes, a major UK confectionery and soft drinks manufacturer.	Electronically displayed signs relay information about the time of the next bus' arrival based on its GPS determined position.	The relay ramps may provide pathways for sediment to be carried into the basin.	The relay armature was initially set to complete the detonating circuit at 25 to 40 millivolts.	Many GPS receivers can relay position data to a PC or other device using the NMEA 0183 protocol.	They do relay control instructions from ATC in areas where flight service is the only facility with radio or phone coverage.	The Jochids of the Golden Horde financed their relay system by a special yam tax.	In 1850 the Court of Exchequer held that the section was to be too weakly worded to make relay systems illegal.	Mohammad Danish finished with nine silver medals at 19th Junior Age group 2014 and was part of Sindh team which won two relay silver medals.	They relay course information and Oaxaca's radioman, a young officer fresh from Mexico's naval academy, replies in English.	In a skills competition held Tuesday, Willamette Valley's Tyler Johnson and Britt won the baserunning relay.	The events being contested are 50m freestyle, 50m Breast Stroke, 50m Back Stroke and 50m Butterfly Stroke and 4x50m medley relay.	This tailoring process involves introducing new super-short duration cultivars, the use of relay cropping and adoption of minimum tillage.	His relay team, running as the Space Cadets, came in fifth in the nation in the four by mile event.	Without the user's knowledge, a spambot hijacks a computer and uses it to relay spam or virus infected e-mail.	Lighting relay panels with timeclock function will satisfy the minimum requirements of the energy code, providing some energy savings.	All possible routes, including relay transmission by subclinically infected wild birds, must be thoroughly examined.	A global ban by the operators of the Undernet Internet relay chat system on all users in Malaysia tops this week's Newsbytes Asia Week In Review.	The spacewalk by two Russian cosmonauts with the Sochi 2014 Olympic torch will be an historic moment in the history of the Olympic torch relay.	But in Jamaica Bay, it is not possible at present to grow oysters and relay them to cleaner waters for depuration and sale.	Total medium and high voltage protective relay market revenue forecast to 2020 at global level.	Bolt, along with fellow Jamaican sprinters Nesta Carter, Michael Frater and Asafa Powell broke the world record for the 4 x 100 meter relay, resulting in another gold medal.	The flame is not continuous but is a series of discrete flamelets that are ignited on the hot remnant gases of prior flamelets, like passing on the baton in a relay race.	They were given a unique user name and password allowing them access to a synchronous Web-based Internet relay chat room to conduct real-time dialogues.	The programme included a marathon, a relay race, a basketball match, a six-a-side football match, a tug-of-war competition, dodge ball and sack race.	London 2012's Olympic torch relay will start at Land's End and travel as far as the outer Hebrides on an 8,000-mile journey to the stadium, it has been revealed.	A nonterminated octuple changeover relay has also been added.	The soloing front line has a headlong pushiness, delivering substantial statements in relay form, driven by the creative rolls, tumbles and clops of drummer Gordon Pettit.	Trampolinist Sean, who has Down's syndrome, was delighted to play his part once more and was cheered on by the crowd in Stromness on the 275th day of the relay.	The ASAT products acquisition will complement Alstom Grid s MiCOM protection relay range and increase the offering of the DS Agile digital control systems.	Electrification enabled sequential automation using relay logic.	Radio Gwent was available on FM, and since its closure has continued to relay the national Radio Wales service on the same FM frequencies to the Gwent area.	These proteins relay electrons by the process called electron transfer.	The D'Oyly Carte seasons brought Sargent's name to a wider public with an early BBC radio relay of The Mikado in 1926 heard by up to eight million people.	The telephone relay consists of a microphone C, Fig. 25, formed of the two pieces of osmium iridium alloy.	A broken rail will also generally open the circuit and de-energize the relay.	The score was a tie, therefore, with the result of the meet depending upon the relay race.	Then went forward a great game of duck on a rock, followed by a relay race and dodge-ball.	This schoolroom game is played with most of the class sitting, being a relay race between alternate rows.	I crossed the river at sambal, and stopped near the village Gounde, where I procured relay horses.	He tapped out a distress call which the dolphins could relay to the swimmers.	He had dropped in the harness and younger men were taking up the relay race.	At Kamenka a relay of horses was to wait which would take them to the Warsaw highroad, and from there they would hasten abroad with post horses.	E is the electromagnet of the relay, and R A is its armature.	This fundraiser featured all the best field events, including a three-legged race, water balloon toss, an egg run, and a water relay.	At the end of ten miles or so a relay mount was waiting for each rider.	Don Mathers adjusted the screen to relay the Kraden cruiser.	A relay snapped, and instantly the ammeter jumped to read 4500 amperes.	They competed in various sports and recreational activities, including relay, hurdle and sack races, water games, tug-of-war and a Mass Exercise Demonstration.
English	Polish	straddle	rozkraczyæ siê	The wider ends of the gate electrodes straddle the peripheral boundaries of the active region.	Jalpari Chaat tandoori is a fusion of Mediterranean and Indian influences, and they have quite a few dishes that would straddle that.	In truth, you could straddle both opinions without doing yourself an injury.	You can drive over it without damage, just as long as you straddle any fittings and raise implements such as mowers and garden tillers.	She simply inserts the pins in the soil so they straddle the ivy vine and keep it headed the right direction.	Place the appropriate amount of weight on the bar and straddle it with your feet just a little wider than hip-distance apart.	Maradi's sprawling markets straddle the main highway which passes south to Nigeria.	By examining the conventions of published private letters, he shows how they straddle the border between fiction and reality.	Can the Democrats continue to straddle the values issues under those circumstances?	Even school nurses, who straddle the two worlds of school employees and medicine, generally agree, with some caveats.	Well, Ron had planted himself in a straddle position facing the tree, in the crotch of a very big branch and the trunk.	About fifteen feet up the heap is a crawl-through, which leads to more traversing in a fissure passage, and a straddle down a short chimney onto blocks.	Over time, mix in the boxer's shuffle and the side straddle.	It's a testament to this book's unusual ability to straddle fantasy and literary realms that this moment creates a real knot of emotion in the reader's chest.	Once boys start wearing pants it becomes easier for them to stand on their heads, twirl on railings, straddle fences, play leapfrog, and walk on stilts.	They're mostly girls who straddle the line between geeky and bad-ass, a look familiar to most of today's high-school students.	The views they have come up with straddle the entire range of options.	They straddle the boundary line between last-wave Boomers and first-wave Generation Xers.	The South Equatorial Currents of the Atlantic and Pacific straddle the equator.	One look at the samakonasana aka straddle split and you know it's not for the faint-hearted.	It typically lasts 15 to 20 years and may straddle several traditional business cycles.	Nine straddle cranes allow for 80 to 100 movements per hour.	The Canadian boreal forest is the northernmost and most abundant of the three forest areas in Quebec that straddle the Canadian Shield and the upper lowlands of the province.	Huge tea-trees, with cushiony bark, straddle it, and ferns grow strongly in all its nooks and bends.	The right to straddle shall belong to the player to the left of ante.	He would lay down his great hand flat on the grass, and challenge the tallest of them to clamber upon it, and straddle from finger to finger.	Chevron has announced that the development of oil reserves that straddle the maritime border of Congo and Angola could act as a model for Africa.	Our fleet of straddle carriers have an outstanding safety record, and this is both a very unusual and isolated incident.
English	Polish	auditory	s³uchowy	Hakone grass also offers the auditory appeal of psithurism, the sound of rustling leaves.	Cortical deafness is essentially the combination of word deafness and auditory agnosia.	It also appears to affect the neural auditory system by slowing the response time between hearing something and reacting to it.	As in other vertebrates, the anuran auditory system is susceptible to noise masking.	The lack of literal connection between visual and auditory sources is not confusing.	When astronauts go into microgravity they lose their sense of place and have to rely on visual and auditory cues.	When conflicts between the senses occur, vision tends to bias both auditory and tactile perception.	The plasticity of the auditory system is currently thought to be at its maximum below the age of 2 years.	It has been suggested that their purpose is to sharpen the tuning of the signal passed to the auditory nerve.	The most commonly reported psychotic features are auditory hallucinations and delusions.	It used to be that church bells fulfilled the same function in an auditory sense as did church spires in a visual one.	The experience of someone talking to her when no one is around is what is called an auditory hallucination.	The implant is placed in the cochlea and connected to the auditory nerve with thin wires.	This part of the text finally concludes with an account of the visual and auditory systems.	The physiological details of the auditory sense are somewhat beyond the scope of this essay.	Visual and auditory problems can contribute to poor school performance and inattention.	Sound is converted to signals by the processor and transmitted to the auditory nerves by the electrodes.	Dandruff of the scalp and flaking skin in the auditory canals are also common.	The external auditory meatus runs as a bony tube to the side of the tympanohyal we cannot see on the left-hand picture.	This includes the pinna on the side of the head and the external auditory meatus, or ear canal, which terminates at the eardrum.	Panic seized me as I realized she might have said her name during one of those auditory lapses.	Patients with alcoholic hallucinosis experience visual, auditory, or tactile hallucinations but otherwise have a clear sensorium.	However, hallucinations in auditory and other sensory modalities can also occur.	The poem's shift from memory of childhood to anticipation of death is nicely attended by the modulation from olfactory to auditory.	Now you know what an auditory minefield we sightless people face all the time.	With the headlight and speculum the external auditory canal is inspected and cleared of any obstructing wax or debris.	Note that notoungulates, too, have sharp rostra, inflated auditory bullae, and sagittal crests.	They had slower reaction times for visual and auditory stimuli, as well as subtle chorea, dystonia, and nystagmus.	Soon after starting the tramadol, he began to experience auditory hallucinations.	They are conditioned to respond to an auditory stimulus by, for example, dropping a block when a sound is heard through earphones.	If the hearing aid is not well fitted to the patient's external auditory canal, it may be bothersome or difficult to keep in place.	In these cases, the external auditory canal lacks cerumen and is lined by dry, hypertrophic skin with variable swelling and stenosis.	He draws a parallel between intrusive imagery in trauma and the unexpected visual and auditory imagery that may occur about the deceased.	Like other birds, hummingbirds communicate through both auditory and visual signals.	The idea is that when children use tactile, visual and auditory faculties simultaneously, brain activity is at its fullest.	Picrotoxin eliminates frequency selectivity of an auditory interneuron in a bushcricket.	This test relies on attention and concentration, auditory comprehension, short-term memory, and abstract reasoning.	The music has been pitched at a level shown to be comfortable for bovine auditory systems.	His work spans the fields of auditory perception, cortical plasticity and disorders such as dyslexia and focal dystonia.	As Internet technology improves, auditory and visual sensations will be more effectively coordinated with each other.	Lacking auditory and visual cues, the e-mail message or newsgroup post can be productively ambiguous in tone.	Short-term language therapy was recommended to help with grammar, syntax, and auditory discrimination.	Both drugs were equally efficacious in improving auditory hallucinations and suspiciousness.	These task parameters may have contributed further to any inherent vulnerability to salient visual and auditory distractors.	A channel of fat and bone in the lower jaw replaces the external ears and auditory meatus of land dwellers.	Other acoustic experiences, such as the hearing of human voices, may have been due to direct electric stimulation of the auditory cortex.	Pure word deafness can arise from a problem at any point of the process of auditory encoding for speech.	The lawyer claims that Hernandez has suffered from visual as well as auditory hallucinations.	When the Spanish speakers pick up the pace and the volume, it's an auditory cue to stop reading your newspaper, balancing your checking account or writing your article.	Once the external auditory canal has been cleansed as much as possible and a wick inserted if swelling is severe, topical antibacterial therapy should be started.	The microphone transmits sound to the implant, which converts it to electrical impulses that travel the thin wires and stimulate the auditory nerve.	Fibers of the optic and auditory radiations are interposed between the lentiform nucleus above and the temporal horn of the lateral ventricle below.	The central processes of bipolar neurons constitute the auditory component of the eighth cranial nerve, which projects centrally to the cochlear nuclei.	If they venture rhyme, that most conspicuous auditory technique of verse, they often play it down as well by burying it in run-on lines or substituting slant and half-rhymes.	This dichotic auditory stimulus in which the only difference in the sounds to the two ears is the sound pressure level, is heard as a sound inside the head.	It supplements the visual experience with auditory commentary, tactile maps, and touchable models to provide information about a room or an exhibit.	Previous evidence suggested that fruit flies and humans rely on the same genes to develop their auditory organs, which in the fruit fly is in the antenna.	They stress that visual naming speed reflects the rapid integration of lexical access and retrieval processes with lower level visual, auditory, and motoric processes.	Crying, removal of cerumen with associated irritation of the auditory canal and fever can all cause redness of the eardrum in the absence of middle ear infection.	Long-term sequelae include impairment of auditory attention, visual memory, visuomotor speed, sequencing, and problem solving, motor steadiness, reaction time, and dexterity.	Inflammation or infection of external auditory canal and auricle.	Until recently, psychoacoustics has devoted more attention to the behaviour of the peripheral auditory system than to the details of cognitive processing.	In the 16th and 17th centuries, the cries turned still more colourful and clamorous, as a kind of auditory arms race developed between the vendors.	Some virtual worlds provide auditory and haptic information.	In the repetition task, the auditory stimulus was a series of sentences delivered every 5 seconds binaurally through earphones.	However, the CT of patient 3 did demonstrate the presence of a dilated internal auditory canal fundus and a deficient modiolar base.	The term presbycusis is commonly used to designate the auditory changes that result from increasing age.	The two most commonly used methods of testing are those of otacoustic emissions and automated auditory brainstem response.	Brain activation responses to subliminal or supraliminal rectal stimuli and to auditory stimuli in irritable bowel syndrome.	Otological examination was unhelpful due to severe external auditory canal stenosis.	Similarity ratings and confusability of lipread consonants compared with similarity ratings of auditory and orthographic stimuli.	Sensation usually refers to vision, auditory, olfactory, taste, skin, kinaesthesia and balance.	The visual cortex has dramatically more real estate in the brain, and can process far more information than the auditory cortex.	In mammals, the auditory hair cells are located within the organ of Corti on a thin basilar membrane in the cochlea of the inner ear.	This stimulation elicits action potential discharges that propagate along the nerve fiber, eventually reaching auditory centers in the brainstem.	One multisensory process is the integration of visual and auditory information in the perception of speech.	Comparative auditory toxicity of aminoglycoside antibiotics in leukopenic patients.	The central auditory pathway consists of a complex network of neurons and nuclei that connect the cochlea to the auditory cortex.	The audiology and balance unit at the HMC will soon be introducing two new diplomas in auditory verbal therapy and diploma in vestibular rehabilitation.	When Carlin arrives moments later, the auditory point-of-view becomes his, initially cutting out most of the ambient sound in favor of a mournful nondiegetic theme.	Here, millions of tiny hair cells are stimulated to release glutamate at synapses with the auditory nerve, triggering impulses to fire along the auditory nerve to the brain.	The patient's mother has Carney syndrome, with lentigines, cardiac myxoma, fibroadenoma of the breast, and a fibroepithelial polyp of the external auditory canal.	For instance, in barn owls, visual experience tunes the map of auditory space in the inferior colliculus, which can improve ability to locate prey.	In addition to inspecting the nasal cavities using a headlamp and nose speculum, we also inspected the auditory canals and eardrums, the mouth, the epipharynx, and the larynx.	In Odontoceti, the composite auditory structure is thought to serve as an acoustic isolator, analogous to the lamellar construction found in the temporal bone in bats.	By comparing the outgoing pulse with the returning echoes, the brain and auditory nervous system can produce detailed images of the bat's surroundings.	By in situ hybridization, expression of all 3 microRNAs is robust in immature hair cells of both auditory and vestibular organs and is present in the statoacoustic ganglion.	For music lovers with any Apple iDevice, Wall Of Sound is the first app that unites music navigation and discovery with a tactile, visual and auditory experience.	The results will lead to a major understanding in the sensory processing at the auditory midbrain and the functional significance of its interactions with other brain regions.	Richie and Aten studied the multimedia effects of audio and visual on reading and found that reading competency is dependent on both auditory as well as visual processing.	According to the study, the function of the candidate genes ranges from inner-ear development to auditory neurocognitive processes and are involved in the auditory pathway.	Each is reached by the auditory nerve from the brain and is also connected with the air bladder in many cases.	The transverse arc from one auditory foramen to the other across the middle of the sagittal suture measures about 13 inches.	A special sense-organ, such as the flabellum of Limulus or the pecten of scorpion, remains and gives rise to the auditory organ.	Running horizontally across the middle of the floor are the striae acusticae which are continued into the auditory nerve.	Every quality it possesses is represented by a corresponding visual, auditory, tactual or other sensation.	It is separated by two tracts of unossified cartilage from the large series of bones connected with the auditory organ.	The otocyst or auditory organ agrees in its main features with that of other vertebrates.	By this means the posterior surface of the petrous bone can be exposed as far inwards as the internal auditory meatus.	This centre in my opinion is, unquestionably, the seat of the auditory function.	I have not been able to prove that the commissure is continued forwards into the auditory nerve.	Of that I am as certain as one can be of an auditory impression.	Mr. Cooper said he could not control the feelings of the auditory.	The bulk of the auditory were tenants or retainers of the justices.	In utter silence they conversed, for they have no oral speech since they are without auditory nerves.	The attention of his auditory was now directed to the doctor in the utmost degree as he quietly proceeded with his explanation.	But that only made his little final auditory more compact and select, kept it, round the hearth, subject to a common thrill.	They know that the Sagoths have a spoken language, but they cannot comprehend it, or how it manifests itself, since they have no auditory apparatus.
English	Polish	cranial	czaszkowy	The most frequently involved cranial nerve dermatome is the ophthalmic division of the trigeminal nerve.	My project explores efforts by craniologists to pin down with certainty the extent of the range of variation in human cranial capacity.	After that, students should be able to do a systematic examination of cranial nerves.	Tension-type headache may be stress related or associated with functional or structural cervical or cranial musculoskeletal abnormality.	Her higher functions, cranial nerve examination, and motor and sensory examinations were all within normal limits.	Your peripheral nervous system includes nerves in your face, arms, legs, torso, and some cranial nerves.	Occasionally, tumors may develop in the brain, on cranial nerves, or on the spinal cord.	The dermal joint between the two cranial regions may be straight and simple, or complex and interdigitating.	They are inserted into the lower part of the cranial surface of the concha.	The identified infants were included in the study when placental pathologic and cranial ultrasonographic data were available for review.	As the brain expands, growth of the skull is coordinated along the cranial sutures.	The evolution of the canid and felid brain was studied through examination of fossil and Recent cranial endocasts.	Details of cranial anatomy contradict a previous model of cranial kinesis by severely limiting the skull's potential mobility.	In the first form, the lesions tend to concentrate in the brain stem and the cranial nerve ganglia.	She was subjected to an intensive combination of cytotoxic drugs and cranial radiotherapy.	Other patients may present with fractures, bone pain, cranial nerve palsies and osteomyelitis.	He provided the groundwork for the session by reviewing the cranial and spinal anatomy and nerve structure and the neurological assessment.	Harris and Leakey review the rhinos, represented by cranial, dental, and postcranial fossils.	Outside the cranial cavity, the auricle and the semispinalis capitis muscle are seen.	The human remains comprise one complete mandible, two fragmentary mandibles, and a cranial fragment.	The cranial component originates in the brain stem and leaves through the base of the skull in the vagus nerves.	The cranial skeleton is composed of an assortment of cartilages and bones that have been highly modified during evolution.	These bundles of nerves constitute the 1st cranial nerve, the olfactory nerve.	The first was an emergency suturing of her scalp lacerations and insertion of an intra cranial pressure monitor through a burr hole.	The skull appeared diffusely thickened on radiographs and CT scans throughout the entire cranial vault.	The size and number of cranial neuromasts has increased, possibly to more effectively avoid obstacles while swimming in darkness.	The other is shorter with a shaven head whose five o'clock cranial shadows tell you precisely where he was balding anyway, and a serious nose.	Some of the children who scored maximum points for normal cranial ultrasound findings had severe brain damage.	So, on various people's recommendation we went to see a cranial osteopath.	Ultrasound scans of the brains of all of our patients were normal, and so was cranial computed tomography in two and magnetic resonance imaging in one.	The Committee on Child Abuse and Neglect of the American Academy of Pediatrics has issued a technical report on rotational cranial injuries in shaken baby syndrome.	The central processes of bipolar neurons constitute the auditory component of the eighth cranial nerve, which projects centrally to the cochlear nuclei.	Recent advances in human genetics have increased our understanding of the ways particular gene perturbations produce cranial skeletal malformations.	Involvement of the cranial nerves may cause bulbar paralysis.	Doctors have said Miss Yousafzai is due to be readmitted in the coming weeks for reconstructive cranial surgery.	Dysmetria, nystagmus, and cranial nerve palsies, especially involving the sixth and third nerves, may result from lesions of the brain stem and cerebellum.	More recently, paleontologists have suggested that other dinosaurs, notably the dome-headed pachycephalosaurs, also used their cranial appendages defensively.	The presentation may be of an unexplained mass or cranial nerve palsies, meningeal symptoms, or even respiratory problems caused by brainstem infiltration.	Olfactory nerve fibers enter the cranial cavity through foramina in the cribriform plate of the ethmoid bone and synapse on neurons in the olfactory bulb.	In patients with pseudomembranous colitis vancomycin may occasionally reach therapeutic concentrations in serum, which can theoretically damage a fetus's VIIIth cranial nerve.	Additional movement is caused by extrinsic muscles that arise from various cranial surfaces and enter the base of the tongue, pulling the tongue towards their attachments.	The Huns practised artificial cranial deformation, but there is no evidence of such practice among the Xiongnu.	The transverse process protrudes between the cranial and caudal openings of the foramen transversarium.	Cranial skeletogenic mesenchyme is derived from two distinct embryonic sources, cephalic paraxial mesoderm and cranial neural crest.	These animals had bare ossicones and small cranial sinuses and were longer with broader skulls.	Likewise, increased cranial capacity generally coincides with the more sophisticated tools occasionally found with fossils.	British palaeontologist Peter Galton showed clearly that all cranial material from Trossingen, Halberstadt and Frick pertains to one species.	Ornithopod dinosaur cranial and postcranial material has been reported from the Woodbine Formation of Flower Mound and Lake Grapevine.	Neurologic examination was performed, and examination of the cranial nerves revealed no alteration.	The usual presentations are headache, vomiting, visual disturbances such as papilledema, cranial nerve palsies, or a combination of these signs.	Glial choristomas are isolated masses of mature brain tissue that are found outside the spinal cord or cranial cavity.	Her cranial nerves were notable for impaired upgaze, but otherwise intact EOMs with slow tracking but no abnormal saccades and no nystagmus.	Effects of cortisone and ACTH on periarteritis nodosa and cranial arteritis.	The youngster needed the op to relieve pressure on his brain caused by cranial synostosis.	Seven distinct ridges rise from the carapace, crossing from the cranial to caudal margin of the turtle's back.	Very few complete carapaces or cranial and postcranial elements are recovered, and osteoderms are usually found isolated.	Trigeminal neuralgia is a chronic pain disorder that affects the fifth cranial nerve.	An ectopic and primarily extracranial meningioma without connection with either the foramen of a cranial nerve or the endocranium.	The wildcat is similar in appearance to a striped tabby cat, but has relatively longer legs, a more robust build, and a greater cranial volume.	AaAaAa President Camara underwent on the same day surgery for cranial traumatism.	Physical examination confirmed a right hypoglossal nerve palsy but other cranial nerves were intact and there were no signs of myelopathy.	It is a chronic pain disorder that affects the fifth cranial nerve, usually in the fifth to seventh decade of life.	Tomograms are particularly useful in determining the amount of cranial settling and to measure SAC or AADI values.	Described as a journey of expanding consciousness, it starts with a combination of cranial sacral massage and flotation therapy.	Once neuropath ways of the brainstem involving the cranial nerves are facilitated, the other pathways driven by the motor cortex appear to be recruited.	Both vestibular and auditory stimuli are sent to the brain via the eighth cranial nerve, and then processed in vestibular nuclei in the brainstem and cerebellum.	Two days after he was hospitalized, cranial magnetic resonance imaging showed mild-to-moderate, chronic, small vessel ischemia and involutional changes.	At least one case report of strandings in Japan's Goto Islands has been associated with parasitic neuropathy of the eighth cranial nerve by a trematode in the genus Nasitrema.	No exact racial diagnostics can be made on the basis of the preserved cranial parts, but still it is obvious that it refers to the Mediterranide race that began to gracilize.	The Eocene bats Icaronycteris and Palaeochiropteryx had cranial adaptations suggesting an ability to detect ultrasound, implying they used echolocation.	The cleithrum, 17th most abundant, is underrepresented in comparison with many cranial bones, but outnumbers others such as the sphenotic, ethmoid, otolith and preopercular.	Symptoms can include meningismus, nausea, vomiting, persistent headache, confusion, diplopia, dysphagia, dizziness, dysarthria, cranial nerve palsies, and ataxia.	The radiological evaluation of the exophthalmos with cranial CT revealed bilateral retro-orbital pseudotumors, although the thyroidstimulating hormone level was normal.	Symptoms of intracranial mass effect, including visual field loss, obstructive hydrocephalus, and extraocular palsy of the cranial nerves, may occur.	Neurological examination showed that the patient had aphasia, hemiparesis, papilloedema, and 3rd, 7th, and 9th cranial nerve palsies, and he was scheduled For surgery.	Posterior fossa syndrome is characterized by transient mutism, emotional lability, cognitive deficits, weakness, ataxia, and cranial nerve dysfunction.	Systemic involvement of the central nervous system may be indicated by headache, visual changes, cranial nerve paralysis or, very rarely, meningomyelitis with paraplegia.	On the cranial surface of the pinna elevations correspond to the concha and to the fossae 792 of the helix and antihelix.	At the age of three, the ossification of the cranial vault has been completed.	The skull is dolichocephalic with an average cranial index of 72, prognathous and platyrrhine.	Other cranial nerves, particularly the oculomotor and the hypoglossal, may also be implicated.	They differ from the latter in several minor cranial features and more drab back, sides and lateral line.	Of the cranial measurements here employed, palatal length and least interorbital breadth are the most significant and useful.	The cranial cavity is of small size, and is never much elevated.	Indeed, some show no approach to washingtoni in cranial characters.	None of the patients had a cranial nerve deficit before surgery, and none had received preoperative radiotherapy.	We report atypical type F botulism associated with demyelination of cranial nerves.	Schwannomas in the internal auditory canal usually arise from the vestibular segment of the VIIIth cranial nerve.	I even removed the cranial cap and examined the brain microscopically.	The un-deployed stent was positioned just cranial to the opening of the syrinx.	Variation in two external and 17 cranial characters was assessed by examination of coefficients of variation and correlation values for 14 to 19 species of kangaroo rats.	The cranial cruciate ligament anchors the tibia to prevent it from moving forward in respect to the femur when the stifle undergoes pressure and movement.
English	Polish	smack dab	smack dab	I would have found myself smack dab in in the middle of the war of the worlds.	Can you imagine stumbling home intoxicated and walking smack dab into a tree that looked like that?	I turn around and head straight out the side doors, running smack dab into Kyle James.	It is located smack dab in the middle of Siberia and is about 500 miles east of Lake Baikal.	You wouldn't know that we were smack dab in the middle of it right now.	This is looking more and more like a partisan hit by a demoted career staffer who happens to be promoting a book smack dab in the middle of the presidential election season.	Unfortunately I hadn't looked where I was so when I turned around quickly I ran right smack dab into a middle aged man who was carrying an armload of food items.	Now, they are smack dab in the middle of a GOP primary in Mississippi.
English	Polish	prominent	wybitny	Lincoln's approach to popular sovereignty contrasts with that of another prominent Republican, William H. Seward.	The most prominent case, the 2006 Cash for Honours scandal, saw a police investigation, with no charges being brought.	Union membership grew as unskilled and women workers were unionised, and socialists such as Tom Mann played an increasingly prominent role.	The New York Amsterdam News, published in Harlem, is a prominent African American newspaper.	Major cartels saw growth due to a prominent set culture of Mexican society that created the means for drug capital.	The 1950 Silver 5 Peso coin of Mexico has a steam locomotive on its reverse as the prominent feature.	Buddhism, by the last centuries of the 1st millennium BCE, was prominent in the Himalayan region, Gandhara, Hindu Kush region and Bactria.	The most prominent directors remaining in London were Alexander Korda, an expatriate Hungarian, and Alfred Hitchcock.	Following a political awakening, he joined the gradualist Fabian Society and became its most prominent pamphleteer.	The most prominent regionalists were literary figures with a particular interest in folklore.	Seeking treatment from the prominent doctor William Broadbent, he was prescribed a holiday in the coastal town of Folkestone.	Women sculptors took longer to appear than women painters, and were less prominent until the 20th century.	The Berliner format, used by many prominent European newspapers, is sized between the tabloid and the broadsheet.	As the first prominent Roundhead captured in the war, the Royalists intended to try Lilburne for high treason.	Various prominent politicians also offered their opinion as to whether there should be a British team in the 2012 Olympics.	The saltire was incorporated in the badge of the Reform Movement, for some time after its inception in 1998, but this no longer so prominent.	Early in the 20th century, many of the most prominent musicians in Iraq were Jewish.	There are several work permit visas available as well, the most prominent being the Employee sponsored visa called the Subclass 457 work visa.	Cawl is another prominent Somali writer who is perhaps best known for his Dervish era novel, Ignorance is the enemy of love.	Although poverty is widespread throughout the city, a very affluent and prominent society has developed in Tijuana.	He soon received a grant to study runo singers in Karelia and continued his rise as the first prominent Finnish musician.	Traditional houses hold a prominent position in the society, relates to its social significance.	He chose the latter, and subsequently was a prominent figure in British horseracing for 40 years.	Among the most prominent definers of the Glasgow School collective were The Four.	Arthur's Seat plays a prominent role in Scottish writer James Hogg's 1824 novel The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner.	These back bristles form the aforementioned mane prominent in males, and stand erect when the animal is agitated.	Fife Council is a major employer in the locality with its prominent local authority headquarters building located in Glenrothes town centre.	The harbour for Irvine has a long history and once was one of the most prominent ports in Scotland after Glasgow.	Many Perth families became prominent in both provincial and national governments.	In the hills to the north of Borve, there is a large chambered cairn, sited in a prominent position.	The Public Library of Science and BioMed Central are prominent examples of this model.	Morgan was also influenced by the American beat poets, with their simple, accessible ideas and language being prominent features in his work.	A full list of programmes broadcast on Radio nan Gaidheal is available on the BBC Website, this section contains a list of prominent programmes.	Liberal socialism has been particularly prominent in British and Italian politics.	It remained prominent through the Roman era and Early Middle Ages as the site of a road crossing between several important civic centres.	The use of gold crowns in more prominent teeth such as incisors is favored in some cultures and discouraged in others.	Edward became the Steward of England and began to play a more prominent role in government.	Merthyr's Central Library, which is in a prominent position in the centre of the town, is a Carnegie library.	The most prominent of these was Bethania, Aberdare, once the largest chapel in Aberdare.	This resulted in prominent Conservative ministers being unseated from their constituencies, including former Prime Minister Arthur Balfour.	Chicago is also a prominent center of the Polish Cathedral style of church architecture.	It was the most prominent victim among about 200 ships wrecked by the Royal Charter Storm.	During the nonbreeding season, the throat and face behind the eye become white, and the white line on the face becomes less prominent.	It might seem that the prominent stripes on the back of mackerels are there to provide camouflage against broken backgrounds.	The Prince Of Wales is a prominent J D Wetherspoon establishment at the junction with Wood Street, which leads to Central Station.	Seth Joshua, another prominent leader of the Revival, came to the area to hold meetings, which Roberts attended eagerly.	In the late 20th and early 21st centuries, the castles and town walls played a more prominent part in debates surrounding Welsh identity.	He turned them all down, possibly in the hopes of landing a more prominent bishopric in the future.	After Christianization, Insular styles heavily influenced Pictish art, with interlace prominent in both metalwork and stones.	The most famous alumni of school is Vikas Jain who is one of the prominent analysts in financial community globally.	Nearly all of the identity packages used since the channel's launch in 1964 have featured a prominent numeral 2 in the design.	The brothers went on to become founder members of Wales' most prominent folk group, Ar Log.	She supports various charities and causes, and is a prominent celebrity endorser of brands.	In Bali, turtle meat was a prominent feature at ceremonial and religious feasts.	These markings are more prominent on individuals in the North Atlantic than in the North Pacific, where they can appear indistinct.	For the first time foraminifera take a prominent part in the marine faunas.	Svalbard makes a prominent appearance in Northern Lights by Philip Pullman and the corresponding film.	Maurice Ravel and Claude Debussy are the most prominent figures associated with Impressionist music.	Italy is also prominent in the field of design, notably interior design, architectural design, industrial design and urban design.	Beginning in close proximity to the tidal bars, sand dominated layers are prominent and become increasingly muddy throughout the tidal channels.	Relief displacement is prominent when photographing a variety of elevations.	The introduced Norway maple for example occupies a prominent status in many of Canada's parks.	Scotland emerged as a prominent economic power during the Scottish Enlightenment of the 18th century.	This new Hansa of the towns, aimed at protecting interests of the merchants and trade, was prominent for the next hundred and fifty years.	Another prominent shopping center, called Alexandrium, lies in the east of Rotterdam.	In December 1945 a list of British honours was announced to recognise a certain number of prominent islanders for services during the occupation.	The Bristol merchants subsequently played a prominent role in funding Richard Strongbow de Clare and the Norman invasion of Ireland.	The most prominent Cherokee was Brigadier General Stand Watie, the last Confederate general to surrender.	Andromeryx is another prominent prehistoric ruminant, but appears to be closer to the tragulids.	Because of its numbers, ubiquity, and association with human settlements, the house sparrow is culturally prominent.	Lichens are grouped by thallus type, since the thallus is usually the most visually prominent part of the lichen.	The Titans also played a prominent role in the poems attributed to Orpheus.	Magdelenian humans appear to have been of low stature, dolichocephalic, with a low retreating forehead and prominent brow ridges.	Like their Atlantic counterpart, Gulf menhaden have a prominent black spot found behind the gill cover followed by a row of smaller spots.	A point is generally considered a tapering piece of land projecting into a body of water that is less prominent than a cape.	Regionalism and regional conflicts were a prominent feature of ancient Greece.	In 2015, the company had signed Ranveer Singh a prominent Bollywood actor as a brand ambassador to the company's products.	The technology is an open standard, but with prominent Freeview Play branding.	The Indian peninsula in 1760, three years after the Battle of Plassey, showing the Maratha Empire and other prominent political states.	Early in this period the pinch is shallow, while later on it becomes more prominent and the mouth protrudes from the lamp's body.	Many prominent Soviet sports players, scientists, and artists came from Ukraine.	Veneration of Serapis and Isis, who were identified with Jupiter and Minerva respectively, was especially prominent.	The most prominent other places named after the Franks are the region of Franconia, the city of Frankfurt, and Frankenstein Castle.	The common buzzard often spots prey by waiting on a prominent perch and scanning the ground for movement.	Or the merely verbal pressure of jawbonings by prominent people may try to silence a certain point of view.	Dynamics of play and creativity are a prominent catalyst of social relations at both doofs and raves.	The Opisthobranchia are one of the more prominent gastropod lineages that have undergone euthyneury.	Latrobe had extensive dealings with Jefferson, the most prominent gentleman-architect in the United States.	Some of the most prominent philosophers of the Enlightenment were John Locke, Thomas Paine, Samuel Johnson and Jeremy Bentham.	William Penny Brookes was prominent in organising the format for the modern Olympic Games.	Of towns founded before the conquest, only Bridlington, Pocklington, and York continued at a prominent level.	However the Army remain the dominant institution in the new republic and the most prominent general was Oliver Cromwell.	Outside the field of history, Tacitus' influence is most prominent in the area of political theory.	In the next generation, Wulfnoth Cild, Thegn of Sussex, played a prominent part in English politics.	Controversial events associated with the black metal movement in the early 1990s included several church burnings and two prominent murder cases.	Several prominent Lancastrian leaders, including Somerset and Northumberland, were killed.	The most prominent resisters included John Fisher, Bishop of Rochester, and Sir Thomas More, both of whom refused to take the oath to the King.	Another prominent example of Dutch colonial architecture is Fort Rotterdam in Makassar.	Other prominent clubs of the era were Blackburn Rovers, Sunderland and Preston North End.	A number of sports are popular throughout the British Isles, the most prominent of which is association football.	The most prominent Conservative choices were Sir George Young and Deputy Speaker Sir Alan Haselhurst.	Queen's Park is host to a number of cultures and religions, the most prominent of which is Christianity.	Of the tributaries of the River Trent, that drain the south and east, the River Derwent is the most prominent.	Two prominent Canadian authors argue that government at times has to intervene to ensure competition in large and important industries.	The Roman Road known as Icknield Street is prominent, running north to south through the eastern side of the town.	He was greatly respected by other prominent men of the Industrial Revolution.	The LPTB was a prominent patron of art and design, commissioning many new station buildings, posters and public artworks in a modernist style.	In the Roman Empire, emperors were deified, and the formalized imperial cult became increasingly prominent.	Horses were prominent symbols of fertility, and there were many horse fertility cults.	The ceramics industry in Bangladesh is a prominent player in the international ceramics trade.	As one of the oldest religious institutions in the world, it has played a prominent role in the history and development of Western civilisation.	Pilgrimage was a prominent feature of mediaeval Catholicism, and England and Wales were amply provided with many popular sites of pilgrimage.	By this time many planters were part of Baptist congregations, and some of the denomination's prominent preachers, such as the Rev.	After the supporters of the Celtic dating had withdrawn following the Council of Whitby, Wilfrid became the most prominent Northumbrian cleric.	The Union has provided a prominent platform for political campaigning of all kinds in recent years.	It is now known as The John Lyon School and is a prominent independent school.	Many of the prominent architects of the day were employed in the development of the city.	Prince Rupert of the Rhine, a prominent Royalist general, attempted to relieve Windsor Castle that November.	Other prominent architects of the early Georgian period include James Paine, Robert Taylor, and John Wood, the Elder.	However, oral traditions about beings like elves remained prominent in Scandinavia into the early twentieth century.	The most prominent hill is Snow Hill and the avenue of trees known as the Long Walk runs between here and Windsor Castle.	Of these legends, one of the most prominent was that he created a talking brazen head which could answer any question.	Similarly Robert Boyle, a prominent advocate of the experimental method, held that we have innate ideas.	Burke also was prominent in securing the right to publish debates held in Parliament.	He was born in Monmouthshire into one of the most prominent aristocratic families in the United Kingdom.	It was with this in mind that they made for the 'bohemian' town of Taos, New Mexico, where Mabel Dodge Luhan, a prominent socialite, lived.	Although most prominent in English, shanties have been created in or translated into other European languages.	All the songs have subtly different orchestrations, with a prominent obbligato part for a different instrument in each.	Black metal is conceptual by definition, due to its prominent theme of questioning the values of Christianity.	The music generally features sparse, syncopated drum and percussion patterns with bass lines that contain prominent sub bass frequencies.	His grandfather, Henry Carlton Cumberbatch, was a submarine officer of both World Wars, and a prominent figure of London high society.	Dissatisfaction with the governance of the sport led, in 1895, to a number of prominent clubs establishing what would become rugby league.	Edward Topham, a respected handicapper and prominent member of Lynn's syndicate, began to exert greater influence over the National.	A number of Genoese Baroque and Rococo artists settled elsewhere and a number of local artists became prominent.	Many other campaign groups, political parties, businesses, newspapers and prominent individuals were also involved.	Its most prominent church is St Giles on the Royal Mile, first dedicated in 1243 but believed to date from before the 12th century.	Thomas Davis, a prominent Protestant Irish nationalist who founded the Young Ireland movement, identified the Irish as a Celtic nation.	Rapid economic development during the late 19th and early 20th centuries fostered the rise of many prominent industrialists.	Some of them, most notably prominent peace activist Stephen Henry Hobhouse, refused both military and alternative service.	Another prominent figure in German air power construction this time was Helmuth Wilberg.	The two most prominent proponents are Lord Rogers of Riverside and Norman Foster.	England has many prominent private schools, often founded hundreds of years ago, which are known as public schools or independent schools.	A prominent member of the Cabinet, Norman Tebbit, was injured, and his wife Margaret was left paralysed.	Among Bermuda's most prominent footballers are Clyde Best, Shaun Goater, Kyle Lightbourne, Reggie Lambe, Sam Nusum and Nahki Wells.	Where swelling is prominent, edema and a massive accumulation of lymphocytes and plasma cells compress the salivary duct, which may result in almost complete asialism.	In current practice, the Prime Minister makes the choice from two candidates submitted by a commission of prominent Church members, then passes his choice on to the monarch.	The loyalist sentiment was particularly strong in New York, where the prominent DeLancey and Philips families overtly aided the British and suffered as a result.	The other palaemonoid families are therein jointly defined primarily by the slender third maxilliped and the mandible usually with a prominent incisor.	Powles, who was prominent among those encouraging the mining boom.	The most prominent team is the Scotland national rugby union team, which competes in the Six Nations tournament every year and in the Rugby World Cup every four years.
English	Polish	gland	gruczo³	The ectoderm consists primarily of epitheliomuscular cells, neurons, gland cells and cnidocytes.	Postmortem histological examination of the thyroid gland and measurement of serum antithyroid antibodies were performed in 70 patients without overt thyroid disease.	Androgen Deficiency, Meibomian Gland Dysfunction, and Evaporative Dry Eye.	The Pheochromocytoma of the Adrenal Gland Scaled Score, a grading system for the malignancy of pheochromocytomas was 6, indicative of intermediate risk for recurrence.	Cowper's Gland, which secretes a liquid which makes the urethra alkaline.
English	Polish	tract	obszar	A variety of specialists and their skills are needed for a tract home, but anyone defthanded can build a dome.	It is a rare acral hyperkeratosis, most commonly associated with squamous cell carcinoma of the upper aerodigestive tract or the cervicomediastinal area.	Imaging studies did not show evidence of echinococcal infection, and endoscopically obtained biopsies from the GI tract did not show eosinophils or mast cells.	The spiny-cheeked honeyeater has a more generalized diet and the gastrointestinal tract is similar structurally and proportionally to other honeyeaters.	Whitley's company developed and sold one of the early residential areas, the Ocean View Tract.	The legal tract, the Leges inter Brettos et Scottos, set out a system of compensation for injury and death based on ranks and the solidarity of kin groups.	Tract four is 10 acres with a two bedroom, two bath brick home.	This Tract is only a borrow'd Tract, and which may be drawn any way, as shall be most convenient.
English	Polish	allotment	przydzia³	The allotment includes 12 fillies and eight colts, many with ties to American racing.	However, the contractors have continued their work of levelling the land for allotment of sites.	Anyone with an allotment or a back garden, an enjoyment in growing things and a love of good food could do the same.	Helping father on the allotment was a favourite way of spending Bank Holiday, and many made a day of it with a picnic beside the cabbage patch.	As well as filming on the Moors he was also planning to visit his grandfather's allotment where he had first developed his love of gardening.	He applies a third of each plant's yearly allotment before spring growth starts and the rest after fruit sets.	Is this someone's way of telling us we're short on our annual allotment of carrots?	Mr Fear, a tree surgeon, takes the children to work on the allotment at least twice a week.	The view was of a hilly allotment site with sheds and a railway station, and slimy, furrowed mud.	If Riley wants to develop open space by more than his allotment, he would be free to buy more development permits on the open market.	Like the allotment system, relocation focused on individual Ojibwa rather than tribal group and Native culture.	In recent years, the allotment of plots is speeding up in towns and on the outskirts of the bigger cities.	For Tiffin the good life is not swanking around the hot spots of London clubland but a chance to put on the wellies and head for his allotment.	I think the council could do more to prevent this kind of vandalism and dispel the air of neglect which pervades this allotment.	In the summer they have parties on each allotment in turn, feasting on barbecues and getting sloshed on homemade wines.	I'm an impatient person, which can be a problem when you're trying to grow fruit and vegetables on an allotment.	For years, he has been providing him with prime vegetables from his flourishing allotment at very little cost.	But by 1926 all of the Oklahoma reservations had been broken up by allotment.	The authorities concerned should not permit allotment of sites in a layout till the government's specifications are met.	Over the years, students from rural and semi-urban areas manage to get a seat via a single window system of allotment.	And for many writers this allotment of time can seem altogether binding and a difficult task to stick to.	An appeal was made to every man who had a farm, garden or allotment to plant more spuds to make up the shortfall and help the county support itself.	As newlyweds in the 1940s, the couple had rented a small allotment and grown potatoes, cabbages and salad crops, to help enrich their restricted diet amid post-war rationing.	Arson, theft and criminal damage have all taken their toll on his allotment, and his pension cannot stretch to replacing yet more greenhouse windows, sheds, tools and crops.	Everyone in the program would leave with some allowance, a tax-free monthly allotment.	The area is known as a hangout for youngsters and over the years the club has been burgled and the cricket pavilion and allotment sheds nearby have been torched.	Land in Whitton has been laid out in 28 allotment plots of varying sizes.	The keen gardener, who has had an allotment for nearly seven years, said his plot had vegetables ripped up, tools thrown around and specialist plant frames smashed.	And when the City asked them to leave the sidewalk outside, they asked for an extra allotment of time, in order to be able to leave the site as neat and tidy as they found it.	Further, allotment residents were exposed to radioactive waste for five months prior to moving, during the excavation of the site for the Games.	The size of each official's allotment was determined by the number of commoners or phrai he could command to work it.	It is used to describe the size of suburban dacha or allotment garden plots or small city parks where the hectare would be too large.	He also announced the allotment of a two-room flat for each player in the Khwaja Rawish residential scheme and cash prizes.	This offered 30 different varieties of seed potato, ideal for home gardeners and allotment holders.	Distraught allotment owner Davey Rae said he lost his prized stock pigeons in the fire, which he said claimed 10 plots.	Mechanic Allan Jones, aged 53, of Trunch, Norfolk, erected the wooden scarecrow on his allotment for a joke.	In fact, I think I shall give my Dutch hoe to Michael in the White Bear who's recently taken over an allotment.	Allotment sites are a whole community of their own, with each allotment holder supporting others, both horticulturally and in other ways.	I was at my allotment when it happened and my wife was outwalking our dog.	A Chubu Electric spokesman said Shizuoka Gas would take all of the allotment, adding that the agreement allows Chubu to negotiate terms if necessary.	The team at Newcastle University have been concentrating on whitefly, which attack greenhouse crops like tomatoes and leafy allotment plants such as cabbage and sprouts.	Or I could make them over to a limited company, and join the board after allotment.	Her master was white but he had married into de Nation and so she got a freedmen's allotment too.	The contest was then begun with much gusto and the party first shucking its allotment declared the winner.	My brother, Harry Pinner, is promoter, and joins the board after allotment as managing director.	The goal is not any kind of division of income or allotment of property.	The allotment of Rabirius Faustus is the only one known entirely.
English	Polish	deduct	odj¹æ	To determine the amount of the wraparound mortgage, deduct your down payment from the purchase price.	Traffic control authorities will also deduct 10 points for crossing a red light or failing to give pedestrians right of way at a pedestrian crossing.	The tenant or local agent is obliged to deduct 25 per cent withholding tax from rental income and send it to the tax office.	Employers with live-in domestic workers could deduct 10 percent for accommodation, but only if it complied with the minimum standards set.	The donation is tax-deductible, and you may be able to deduct the loss from your investments in other taxable income.	I suppose the simplest way of gauging Test allrounders is to deduct the bowling average from the batting average.	Corporations may deduct from income an amount up to the fair market value of the ecological gift.	The commission will have the power to deduct money from non-payers ' bank accounts, as well as take away passports and impose curfews.	Many employers operate group schemes and deduct the contribution from the employee's payslip.	They get that they are permitted under current law to deduct the interest they pay on their mortgages.	Because if you can deduct interest on a loan, invest the money, and earn tax-free profits, you essentially get a government subsidy for investing.	After a summons has been issued magistrates can empower the council to take the money it is owed straight out of people's wage packets or deduct it from their income support.	If you have saved up a deposit and budgeted for all the extra expenses when you move, tot up your existing monthly outgoings and deduct this figure from your after-tax income.	Blumenauer proposes to change the law to allow dispensaries to deduct expenses and thus retain more of their earnings.	It is conceptually fairly easy to deduct the adjustments made for substitution and hedonics.	The fiscal system, allowing the rich to deduct more from their taxes than the lower incomes could, was replaced by a forfeiter system.	For example, the English and Scottish leagues will often deduct 10 points from a team that enters financial administration.	The inability to deduct losses from commercial or residential rentals from other real estate income has been a bone in the throat of real estate development companies.	I will deduct the cost of the can of peas from the money I owe you.	If we deduct the last measures from the first, the difference of aperture will give the complementary colour.	He does it willingly, but the master has power to deduct it from his wages in the name of the Guild.	In Ingram, the Tax Court held that a towboat operator could currently deduct the costs of cyclical towboat engine maintenance.
English	Polish	levied	pobrany	He also levied two general taxes, introduced customs duties and reformed the system of farming out sheriffdoms to make it more profitable.	The funding was a result of a Government tax levied on every tonne of stone aggregate extracted from quarrying.	For individuals, the flat rate tax is levied on all wages, salaries or pensions, less a personal allowance.	Different payments were levied according to how many windows a property had.	They reduce rates levied on ordinary income, with the largest rate cut going to the wealthiest taxpayers.	The evaluation also found that schools across the country levied significantly different fees.	David Morgan rightly points out the tuition charges have been levied since 1995 but the alternative was no tuition at all.	The main direct tax, the taille, was levied on persons in central provinces, but on land in peripheral ones like Languedoc.	A cess can also be levied on these investments, which can be used to fund a social security net for construction workers.	The tax is levied on the net value of property and money, excluding debts, acquired through inheritance, gift or usucaption.	This shows in the high levels of excise duty, sales tax and octroi levied on paints by central, state and local governments.	A whole or head tax is a tax levied on individual simply because he exists.	The shortage of investment product on the market is a concern, together with the penal rate of stamp duty levied by the government.	In most other countries, inheritance tax is levied, which has long been a lever to modulate the income gap.	Subject to a few defined exceptions, council tax is a local tax levied on every dwelling.	Currently, the land portions of the property tax are levied in the spring of each year and the building portions in the autumn.	The response was an eco-tax levied against tourists on the basis of nights spent in hotels.	On October 28, Parliament also approved a sharp hike in excise duties levied on cigarettes, to take effect starting next year.	There may be a tourist tax, levied at a flat rate on hotels and boarding houses.	The estimates you provide for the Chancellor's disbursement of the funds levied by taxation, whilst colourful, are, in fairness, a little off the mark.	Feng applied for control of the octroi levied on goods entering Beijing.	They get that their contributions to their health-care premiums are taken out of their paychecks before taxes are levied.	The duty is levied by the government on flights leaving any UK airport.	This is a benevolent fund, to which the coalmining companies contribute an amount that is levied on them, for the benefit of miners and their families, and the community.	In addition, there was a tithe on agricultural produce, and taxes levied on pasturage, slaughtering, the use of mills, beekeeping, and the raising of pigs.	It was a wealth tax levied entirely on movables, and not on land.	With excise duties, the tax is levied directly on the buyer, to be added to the price of the car, so the government just gets the revenue via a different department!	In spite of the protective tariff levied on imported decorated ceramic wares, many American art potteries were unable to survive the influx of foreign wares.	Another innovation of Richard's, increased charges levied on widows who wished to remain single, was expanded under John.	At the same site during the reign of King Charles I, river tolls were levied on boats to pay for the maintenance of the bridge.	Fairly strict conditions were levied on those who aspired to become vrijburgers at the Cape of Good Hope.	Indian tax law involves several different taxes levied by different governments.	Lower charges are levied on frequent 407 users who carry electronic transponders in their vehicles.	The PIBs and ULT bonds are secured and payable from the receipts of an annual ad valorem tax levied on all taxable property within the county.	And fines of up to PS5,000 can be levied for slaughtering a single schedule one species, such as Bewick's or whooper swans.	All import fees levied on foreign-flagged vessels should be paid into the Puerto Rican Treasury, not the merchant marine.	Corporate taxes were levied on capital or net income, subject to an annual minimum.	A hateful tax levied upon commodities, and adjudged not by the common judges of property, but wretches hired by those to whom Excise is paid.	Later the church replaced the manor court as the rural administrative centre, and levied a local tax on produce known as a tithe.	Sanctions for such infractions may be levied on individuals or on to clubs as a whole.	The European Union Customs Union defines an area where no customs are levied on goods travelling within it.	Additional amounts are secured through income and property taxes, licence and other fees as well as customs duties levied on imported goods.	An excise or excise tax is any duty on manufactured goods which is levied at the moment of manufacture, rather than at sale.	Though technically excise, these taxes are really just substitutes for direct taxes, rather than being levied for the usual reasons for excise.	Customs duty is calculated on the determination of the assessable value in case of those items for which the duty is levied ad valorem.	The main purpose of parliament was to approve taxes that were then levied by and for the Dublin Castle administration.	It also was a highly coveted sundry and when an additional excise tax was levied against it in 1791, the Whiskey Rebellion erupted.	It is generally believed that these charges were levied The Franciscan Minister General, Michael of Cesena, had been summoned to Avignon, to answer charges of heresy.	Cash fine levied on Rah-i-Farda, Ayen, Negah, Saba, Zhwandon, Noor, Mitra, Shamshad, Tolo, Khawar, Bator Jawzjan, Ghaznawyan Ghazni and Hewad Kandahar televisions.	The bonds are direct obligations of the district and are payable from an unlimited ad valorem tax levied against all taxable property located within the district.	Customs and excise duties are also levied by the Central government.	These were coming to a head over the imposition of the Church rates, a local tax levied on parishes where the majority of the population were dissenters.	The Paraguayan government was extremely protectionist, never accepted loans from abroad and levied high tariffs against imported foreign products.	The result is that the Smart Charge Injection falls into the 18 per cent tax bracket levied on company car users and gives Mondeo man a real boost.	To maintain his campaigns against the Latins, Michael pulled troops from Asia Minor and levied crippling taxes on the peasantry, causing much resentment.	Similarly, a duty levied on exports is called an export duty.	Tolokonnikova not only tried to adjust to life in the penal colony but she even tried to heed the criticism levied at her by colony representatives during a parole hearing.	John levied scutage payments eleven times in his seventeen years as king, as compared to eleven times in total during the reign of the preceding three monarchs.	Prior to the tax's enactment on 1 April 1965, companies and individuals paid the same income tax, with an additional profits tax levied on companies.	There was a political dimension as well, as accusations of witchcraft were levied against the enemies of Henry VII, who was exerting more and more control over Wales.	An ad valorem tax is one levied with reference to the value of the article.	Scot was a ratable proportion in the payments levied from the town for local or national purposes.	On the house and property a distraint had been levied for moneys due which had not been paid.	Conversely, export duties may be levied on goods coming from such country and brought into the free zone.	The second, called the zakat, was a customs due levied on all merchandise entering Kashgar.	Its expenses are met by the duties levied on goods and vessels entering and leaving any port of French West Africa.	This hatchery should be under the control of Oregon and Washington, and should be supported by a tax levied on the canned fish.	The land rent is levied by so much on each crop, by a biga of nine common cubits the Katha, equal to 72,900 square feet.	Barneveld, representing the Arminian or remonstrant provinces, levied a body of mercenary soldiers in several of the cities.	I hope the fine of 800 krans levied on Kahva Rukh may stimulate the people to surrender the thief.	Now and then it is mentioned that the tallage is to be levied once a year, although the amount remains uncertain.	The Parliament levied a stamp tax, but could not enforce it.	No taxes were to be levied on them except the capitation tax.	A tax was even levied to defray the expenses of the ceremony.	As a rule, all duties in Cuba are levied by the kilo and hundred kilos.	But we are at the moment concerned with the matter of the levied tax.	The pension from each family for the education and entertainment of a child, upon failure of due payment, is levied by the emperor's officers.	Do these fundamental principles require, particularly, that no tax should be levied without the intermediate agency of the States?	For some taxpayers, far greater amounts are paid to Customs for GST levied on the duty-paid value of importations than for payroll source deductions.
English	Polish	substantial	znaczny	Only the buildings that were constructed of more substantial materials survived the earthquake.	What makes a particular work a composer's "chef-d'oeuvre"? Is it critical acclaim, popularity, an illusion of sorts, a combination of all of the foregoing, or is there something more substantial to the idea?	In much of this area achira is a market vegetable, but only in Peru and southern Ecuador is it a substantial crop.	In 2004 both ADC and Canon had closed their Glenrothes operations with the promised jobs growth never materialising to any substantial level.	The dual sovereignty doctrine has been the subject of substantial scholarly criticism.	Diving provides a substantial amount of trade and income for the local economy.	The preparations at South Queensferry were of a much more substantial character, and required the steep hillside to be terraced.	He was to hold him for almost a year until he received a substantial ransom from Henry.	He had substantial support from Guala who intended to win the civil war for Henry and punish the rebels.	The deportation of the local Welsh opened the way for the construction of a prosperous English town, protected by a substantial castle.	This leads to a landscape of hills and plains, as well as substantial meanders which have formed impressive river cliffs.	In 1996 the area hit the headlines internationally when the oil tanker Sea Empress ran aground, causing a substantial oil spill.	A substantial hurdle to this aim is the difficulty of working out how old fossils are.	They prefer water with a substantial mineral content, using calcium carbonate to build their shells.	There are substantial profits to be obtained by mislabelling, and enforcement is difficult, especially in outlets like cafes.	This dual carriageway was built further out of the town to act as a substantial link to Telford, as well as a bypass for the town.	The redbrick University Hall, built in a Queen Anne style, was the first substantial block.	The nearest substantial settlements are located at least 1 hour 45 minutes drive away.	The walls of the inner ward were more substantial than those of the outer ward, with huge towers and two large gatehouses.	The growth inhibition caused by viral infection can cause substantial economic damage.	There were substantial differences in hydrographic procedures charts, and publications.	In addition, it is believed that the Arctic seabed may contain substantial oil fields which may become accessible if the ice covering them melts.	Ocean energy has the potential of providing a substantial amount of new renewable energy around the world.	Upon death, whale carcasses fall to the deep ocean and provide a substantial habitat for marine life.	France has a mixed economy that combines extensive private enterprise with substantial state enterprise and government intervention.	These events are often described as the consolidation of Sweden, although substantial areas were conquered and incorporated later.	Similarly, the historical abundance of various fish species has been found to have a substantial relationship with observed climatic conditions.	However, in absolute terms, it comprises a substantial percentage of human carbon emissions, and this contribution is projected to grow.	An eroded beach with substantial submerged sand surrounding it may recover without nourishment.	During the period of Scottish rule the substantial property of Carrick House was developed at Calfsound, which became a burgh for a short period.	At the same time, 001 required substantial refinement and alteration in order to be reworked into a commercially viable craft.	This is because females that are smaller will still be able to reproduce without a substantial disadvantage, but this is not the case with males.	Martin West has noted substantial parallels between the Epic of Gilgamesh and the Odyssey.	These claims did not have to have any substantial land holdings or treaties to be legitimate.	Cabral conducted the first substantial exploration of the northeast coast of South America and claimed it for Portugal.	There were a few substantial fragments of his works discovered in the nineteenth century, and the rest was reconstructed from later versions.	The city of Bath is famous for its substantial Georgian architecture and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	The new English counties were based clearly on the traditional ones, albeit with several substantial changes.	In addition, the Paleolithic involved a substantial geographical expansion of human populations.	This was due to a rise in costs and substantial cut in payments for free travel by the Isle of Wight Council.	In January 1931 Flight magazine revealed that Whitehall Securities Corporation Limited acquired a substantial holding in Saunders Roe.	The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives.	He and his father received substantial help from an alliance with the Pope, who wanted help against the Lombards.	After a successful campaign which resulted in the submission of a substantial section of the Moesi, Crassus again sought out the Bastarnae.	Alternatively, a substantial number may have survived in the province, although were probably outnumbered by the Romanised immigrants.	There is a substantial alternative and punk scene, which gathers around the Rote Flora, a squatted former theatre located in the Sternschanze.	Such interactions have become both more numerous and more continual and substantial in recent times.	The Rus' stayed there for several months, killing many inhabitants of the city and amassing substantial plunder.	The indigenous Sami population is a mostly urbanised demographic, but a substantial number live in villages in the high arctic.	German is the shared mother tongue of a substantial majority of ethnic Germans.	Yet there are substantial numbers of girls who are interested in male-type activities and are not put off by male playstyles.	The voyages established a substantial Chinese military presence around the South China Sea and trading cities in southern India.	On another note, animals that engage in extensive physical activity employ substantial amounts of energy for power.	The Inca Empire traded with outside regions, although they did not operate a substantial internal market economy.	At the species level, endemicity may be even higher, as phylogenetic studies have uncovered substantial hidden diversity.	Since 1997, the island has been the site of a substantial pearl farming operation owned by the Australian company Atlas Pacific.	The wars ended with the Edict of Nantes, which granted the Huguenots substantial religious, political, and military autonomy.	During the 1970s, the Pacific Northwest was particularly affected by the 1973 oil crisis, with Oregon suffering a substantial shortage.	By that time, Arctic sea ice had declined substantial especially on the Atlantic side of the Arctic.	His villa, situated in one of the wealthier districts of Pompeii, was very large and ornately decorated in a show of substantial personal wealth.	The class of scholar officials and intellectuals, traditional bearers of elite Chinese culture, lost substantial social status.	This minor protocolary modification in a well established flow has, nonetheless, a substantial effect on the fluid dynamics as we describe below.	However, a substantial portion of research in phonetics is not concerned with the meaningful elements in the speech signal.	In general, ASEAN does not have the financial resources to extend substantial grants or loans to the new members.	In order to help defray the substantial costs involved, they then raised revenue through taking advertisements.	An eggcrate shelter, which is open to the sky but substantial enough to give the feeling of protection, may be your answer.	From 1984, the economy was helped by the inflow of substantial North Sea oil revenues.	Since 1948 substantial immigration from Africa, the Caribbean and South Asia has been a legacy of ties forged by the British Empire.	Tasman, his navigator Visscher, and his merchant Gilsemans also mapped substantial portions of Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands.	Popular unrest occurred in Edinburgh, as mentioned above, with some lesser but still substantial riots in Glasgow.	There are substantial lacunae in the surviving texts, including a gap in the Annals that is four books long.	The business of subduing barbarian warbands also demanded substantial gifts of precious metal.	They were, however, able to avoid the more substantial control which Mercia exerted over smaller kingdoms.	The king had a steady income from crown lands, and could also take up substantial loans from Italian and domestic financiers.	The increase in men allowed the prince to call on and field a far more substantial army.	Though there were substantial improvements by the late 18th century, Spain was still an economic backwater.	The Spanish ship was known to be carrying substantial funds to pay the Spanish Army in the Low Countries.	An article in The Guardian suggests possible substantial benefits from the review.	The British Polling Council began an inquiry into the substantial variance between opinion polls and the actual result.	Leaders in Dublin expected a substantial reduction in the territory of Northern Ireland, with nationalist areas moving to the Free State.	A more substantial monument marks the boundary at Temple Bar on Fleet Street.	Throughout the early Paleozoic, that landmass was broken into a substantial number of continents.	Unusually for a major settlement, Bradford is not built on any substantial body of water.	Contracts to supply a given country's military are awarded by governments, making arms contracts of substantial political importance.	A substantial part of the phenotypic variation in a population is caused by genotypic variation.	A substantial part of the 2004 dramatisation of the novel, starring Stephen Fry, was filmed on location at Rugby School.	The country also has substantial reserves of coal, with several coal mines operating in northwestern Bangladesh.	Cornwall produced a substantial number of passion plays such as the Ordinalia during the Middle Ages.	The attached school and library were established and by the 8th century were some of the most substantial in Northern Europe.	Higher doctorates are awarded in recognition of a substantial body of original research undertaken over the course of many years.	Saddles, bits and bridles are ornamented with substantial amounts of silver.	He had been made a royal counsellor, drawing a substantial annual salary of a hundred marks.	The venture was unsuccessful and cost Tetty a substantial portion of her fortune.	The rebuff was not received lightly by Wordsworth and the play was not published until 1842, after substantial revision.	Walpole commanded a substantial majority in Parliament and George had little choice but to retain him or risk ministerial instability.	Even though Slayer did not receive substantial media exposure, their music played a key role in the development of extreme metal.	In 1946, Warner Brothers acquired a substantial interest in ABPC, appointed a new board and decided to rebuild the stages.	Revenues were substantial, and the orchestra seemed to many to be entering into a golden age.	Pooh videos, soft toys, and other merchandise generate substantial annual revenues for Disney.	The failure of MMA promoters to secure a substantial and locked TV deal until late last year.	The town has substantial Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats and UKIP presences.	In principle, the substantial transformation of a product is intended as a change in the harmonized system coding.	From 1606 there was substantial lowland Scots settlement on disinhabited land in north Down, led by Hugh Montgomery and James Hamilton.	In spite of this, Cornwallis decided to proceed, gambling that he would receive substantial Loyalist support.	It was found that the initial allegations of looting of substantial portions of the collection were heavily exaggerated.	Other cities, mainly in central and northern England, are of substantial size and influence.	The Government announced in 2006 that it would provide substantial financial support to Bermuda's cricket and football teams.	At the general election in 2007 the party had expectations of substantial gains, with poll predictions that they would gain five to ten seats.	Today, the Royal Marines are an elite fighting force within the British Armed forces, having undergone many substantial changes over time.	Unlike the invasion period, by then there was a substantial presence from many nations other than America, Britain, Australia and Poland.	Such anomalies include any sudden and substantial increase in funds, a large withdrawal, or moving money to a bank secrecy jurisdiction.	Around 1796, Woolf believed he could save substantial amounts of coal consumption.	The paper excited substantial media attention in Paris, chiefly because their research sought funding from homeopathic medicine companies.	The 15 inhabited islands have a total population of 27,100 and there are more than 50 substantial uninhabited islands.	There is no official document in which substantial matters and insubstantial ones are clearly demarcated.	A referendum was duly held on 5 June 1975, and the proposition to continue membership was passed with a substantial majority.	In the early 2000s the college conceived a substantial second campus being created on the site, with a minibus service linking it to Kensington.	The distances passengers need to move within a large airport can be substantial.	Taxation constitutes a substantial proportion of the retail prices on alcohol and tobacco products.	A parliamentary system had been established, although the reigning Prince retained substantial political authority.	The 15 inhabited islands have a total population of 26,900 and there are more than 50 substantial uninhabited islands.	The Bruces also held substantial estates in Aberdeenshire, County Antrim, County Durham, Essex, Middlesex and Yorkshire.	Despite the setbacks, Cornwallis proceeded to advance into North Carolina, gambling that he would receive substantial Loyalist support.	Many of the island's roads have been widened in the past forty years although there are still substantial sections of single track road.	The Plague of Justinian and the Arab conquests would represent a substantial reversal of fortunes contributing to a period of stagnation and decline.	Their high mobility, broad distribution, long life spans, substantial sympatry, and social behaviour make bats favourable hosts and vectors of disease.	As a result of inward investment Eire enjoyed substantial economic growth.	The discovery of substantial deposits of North Sea oil in 1965 and the renewables sector have contributed to a degree of economic stability in recent decades.	Boulder clay is also abundant and moraines cover substantial areas.	Supporters of relatively unpopular third parties have a substantial incentive to avoid wasted votes by casting all of their votes for a slate of candidates from a major party.	Beginning in around 1990 a series of phylogenetic studies based on mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences resulted in substantial revisions being made to the taxonomy.	Aside from legless lizards, most lizards are quadrupedal and move using gaits with alternating movement of the right and left limbs with substantial body bending.	Between 1979 and 2012 the region experienced small growth in sea ice extent, standing in contrast to the substantial loss of summer sea ice in the Arctic Ocean to the north.	That person may find another person willing to donate a substantial sum.	Due to their substantial nature, these are believed to have been created for wheeled transport as part of an extensive roadway system that facilitated trade.	Anticarrier operations received a substantial boost in effectiveness with the advent of fast nuclear boats armed with long-range anti-shipping missiles.	However, the trend of employing allied or mercenary troops was expanded such that these troops came to represent a substantial proportion of Rome's forces.	When used in larger quantity, spices can also contribute a substantial amount of minerals, including iron, magnesium, calcium, and many others, to the diet.	A substantial body of Greenland Inuit folklore first collected in the 19th century told of journeys by boat to Akilineq, here depicted as a rich country across the ocean.	In the 1970s and 1980s, the Moldavian SSR received substantial allocations from the budget of the USSR to develop industrial and scientific facilities and housing.	Taylor was also instrumental in the successful opposition to road projects proposed in the 1970s which would have had a substantial impact on the appearance of the Conwy site.	In practice, Presbyterianism meant that committees of lay elders had a substantial voice in church government, as opposed to merely being subjects to a ruling hierarchy.	The tunnel will minimise blight for residents and businesses and eliminate the substantial impact of traffic which a surface route would otherwise have caused.	Britons continue to make up a substantial proportion of immigrants.	There are also a substantial number of Welsh speakers in the Patagonia area of Argentina and some speakers of Scottish Gaelic on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia.	The Library has a substantial private press collection, some 1,800 volumes in total, with representative examples from all of the important British presses.	The remit also involves an obligation to provide programming for schools, and a substantial amount of programming produced outside of Greater London.	The Frisians held off Charles, while the king and his mayor besieged Plectrude at Cologne, where she bought them off with a substantial portion of Pepin's treasure.	Council housing began to replace inner city slums in the 1920s, and the process continued into the 1970s, along with substantial private house building and acquisitions.	William Rufus began to support Henry with money, encouraging his campaign against Robert, and Henry used some of this to construct a substantial castle at Domfront.
English	Polish	rigid	sztywny	Planning will be iterative and collaborative rather than sequential and linear, more a framework for learning and action than a rigid template.	Like plaster piece-moulds, they require a rigid mother mould made of plaster or a synthetic resin.	High wages and rigid labor rules have hurt productivity, eroded earnings, and made companies reluctant to hire.	The whole grid should be rigid, its angles and distances fixed and proportionate.	He was almost physically pained by rigid doctrinal systems, and mildly revolted by the idea of discipleship.	Long and thin rigid elements make good levers that have high speed and displacement advantage.	By using flexible fabrics instead of conventional rigid molds, concrete elements can vary in volume according to structural requirements.	It's flexible polymer clay that hardens into rigid plastic after a spell in your kitchen oven.	Among them are lidding film for rigid cups, flexible pouches for pet foods and beverage pouches for juices.	The cabin has plenty of storage spaces, but the door pockets would be much more useful with flexible sides instead of rigid ones.	A more rigid work schedule has forced changes, and now the main meal is taken in the evening.	She clenched her teeth and stayed motionless, waiting for his reply, although her entire body was rigid with pent fury.	Automated programs follow a rigid set of rules that may not adequately reproduce the common sense we humans use when reviewing a page.	Through the end of the twentieth century, Kenyan households maintained rigid rules concerning women's roles within the patriarchal household.	They contend that large swathes of the population are becoming more rigid in their political allegiances.	They are setting up rigid control processes with high levels of IT security.	Until a week ago, he was demented, rigid, incontinent, unable to talk, swallow or blink his eyes.	You have to make a cut at categorising these things and it is a matter of judgment rather than following a rigid rule book in many cases.	This indicates that the bargaining model in Italy is not rigid, but flexible and adaptable.	They're rigid about their proposals and strategies, but compromise on their core values.	The engine blocks have no water and the water jackets are sometimes filled with concrete to make the engine bores more rigid.	If your attic has metal joists, you may want to place rigid foam insulation between the joists and the ceiling drywall.	This season, part of her winning philosophy has been put down to a new rigid fitness programme.	The school is testing digital whiteboards, one of many new technologies that officials hope will help shake up the rigid education system.	To make a roll, spread the fingers of the opposite hand wide apart and make them rigid.	We now offer stepped bore rigid couplings with standard keyways in each bore.	However, we may consider a simple model in which the feather is assumed to be an isolated, flat, rigid object in a uniform airstream.	The assembly is strong and rigid, with no ring or scope movement from recoil.	Almost like a wave starting from her toes, her muscles began to tighten in sequence until she was rigid.	No less interesting has been the enthusiastic reception of several recent political plays that steered clear of rigid political reductionism.	She sent Daniel an apologetic look, but he was regarding Melvin with rigid steadiness.	His shoulders were rigid with anger, but at the same time, a tear escaped his eye.	It is the relatively opaque idioms which tend to be fairly rigid in their form.	It must be rigid enough to promote near zero surface tensions during the alveolar compression.	These people follow a strict, rigid code of social custom and behavior, and judge the people who do not follow the rules.	With stifled sobs, she unfolded the single leaf of paper from within and began to read the rigid, soldier-like writing.	What started as a schoolgirl rebellion against Japan's rigid conformity is now causing ripples of admiration from the beau monde of international fashion.	You, and I myself, grew up in a rigid society, unchanging except for War.	Her mind was completely void of emotions and her body was rigid.	Bound together by mutual distrust, both sides end up lashing themselves to the mast of rigid law.	To move beyond rigid rules and roles, the twenty-first century nurse must not only understand nursing and medical language, but use it confidently.	They are a plain looking, solid sort of shoe with a chunky heel, quite rigid support and come in an infinite range of colours and limited editions.	The racer was originally built with two parallel interplane wing struts and these were replaced with single rigid I struts but even these did not solve the rigging problems.	Like a sea the waste stretched out before her, ending only as the jags rose to breathtaking heights to become the rigid range of mountains called the Crown of Thorns.	Most of them are cast in a somewhat soft and pliable plastic and at first I was disappointed in this thinking that a more rigid plastic would have been preferable.	Because unions and management, alike, have been rigid and inflexible.	Our rigid weldmesh panels are available in galvanized lengths which can be powder coated to suit your requirements in a large selection of almost any colour.	I turned around and marched away, my body unexplainably stiff and rigid.	Her body went rigid, and the moan became a rattle deep in her throat.	Components such as keel, engine beds, mast step, structural bulkheads and rigging loads are all connected to the grid, resulting in a very rigid and strong structure.	Her body was completely rigid, and her hands were clutching her sheets.	Metalworking lathes evolved into heavier machines with thicker, more rigid parts.	The Kiowa has a two-bladed semi-rigid seesaw all metal main rotor and a two-bladed rigid delta hinge all metal tail rotor.	Like any arthropod encased in a rigid exoskeleton, a trilobite must periodically moult, or exuviate, in order to grow.	There is a whole gradation of more or less rigid determinisms and more or less free indeterminisms, as they have been given in various theories.	Undergraduate curricula tend to be more rigid than in the United States and there is little room to take classes outside one's major.	At some stage in the nineteenth century, the rigid swords were replaced by flexible rappers.	Such rigid sails are typically made of thin plastic fabric held stretched over a frame.	The plan was a rigid, ordered grid, which fitted in well with Enlightenment ideas of rationality.	Can lusty diet, and mollicious rest, bring forth no other fruits but faint desires, rigid thoughts, and phlegmatic conceits?	Duplex locomotives with two engines in one rigid frame were also tried, but were not notably successful.	The superciliary whiskers above the eyes and the genal whiskers on the cheeks are less rigid and distinctly less mobile than the mystacials.	During the Cold War Era, the relationships between the First World, Second World and the Third World were very rigid.	The strong box structure of the biplane provided a rigid wing that allowed the accurate lateral control essential for dogfighting.	This coupling between rigid plates moving on the surface of the Earth and the convecting mantle is called plate tectonics.	The test is rigid, and divides into five ambulacral grooves separated by five interambulacral areas.	Foreign body aspiration may require otorhinolaryngology consultation for rigid bronchoscopy.	Whale ribs loosely articulate with their thoracic vertebrae at the proximal end, but they do not form a rigid rib cage.	The wall paintings done in the service of the Pharaohs followed a rigid code of visual rules and meanings.	Earth's lithosphere is divided into several rigid tectonic plates that migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years.	As the oceanic crust moves away from the ridge axis, the peridotite in the underlying mantle cools and becomes more rigid.	The reef is the rigid structure of carbonate platforms and is located between the internal lagoon and the slope.	Larger aircraft have rigid wing surfaces which provide additional strength.	While the engine and suspension layouts described here for scooters and underbones are typical, they are not rigid definitions.	When bagged in this way, the lower mold is a rigid structure and the upper surface of the part is formed by the flexible membrane vacuum bag.	Plutonians who are negatively inclined are often very guarded and rigid, afraid to let others get close.	Merinos have an almost linear hierarchy whereas there is a less rigid structure in Border Leicesters when a competitive feeding situation arises.	The emphasis on rigid adherence to established forms led to substantial injustice.	The formulation and solution of rigid body dynamics is an important tool in the computer simulation of mechanical systems.	If an airway becomes obstructed by cancer growth, options include rigid bronchoscopy, balloon bronchoplasty, stenting, and microdebridement.	The leaf blade of a butterwort is smooth, rigid, and succulent, usually bright green or pinkish in colour.	Further, the joint-glands themselves grow rigid, and secern less of their proper humour.	Stem rigid, emitting near the floral leaves a spiciferous branch with coriaceous leaves. Internodes equal in length, 4-5 cm.	Mark uv absorbers include substituted benzo-phenones for rigid and flexible PVC, polyolefins, and other resins.	Unlike the kouros, the figure is completely clothed, although both have the same rigid stance, arms by sides, and wiglike hair.	Recently, I walked into our living room and was greeted by an ashen-faced guest, rigid with fear, the tea-cup in her hand trembling.	A transfer-matrix approach for estimating the characteristic impedance and wave numbers of limp and rigid porous materials.	All kitchen units to be of rigid construction, pre assembled and to comply with BS EN 14749 2005 Domestic and kitchen storage units and worktops.	Nontoxic calcium and zinc stabilizers for food-contact PVC, especially for rigid or flexible compounds, available in solids, pastes and liquids.	The MEMS transducer is a condenser microphone with a flexible poly-Si membrane and a rigid reference electrode manufactured on SOI substrate.	The test involves the insertion of a rigid fiber-optic rhinoscope into the patient's nasal cavity.	The seat leather is overprocessed, and the plastics are rigid and rough-grained.	On the other hand we see a literary culture breaking free of rigid models of biculturalism.	Don't make any wrenching, heaving movements on rigid door knobs and tight screw-top jars.	Logicist images of mind have failed because they are too rigid and because they presume a complete knowledge of context before effective action can be taken.	A massively rigid bonded aluminum chassis, huge engine compartment cross-brace and cabin-visible FIA approved roll cage hint at its race heritage and structural rigidity.	Without a rigid Islamist ideology, the ayatollahs would become irrelevant.	Normally more cost-effective than amines for rigid urethanes.	Carbon blacks are characterized by their aciniform morphology or grape-like structure comprised of particles fused together as rigid structures termed aggregates.	I had like pains all over and felt I could sick up and at the same time not sick up, and I began to feel like in distress, O my brothers, being fixed rigid too on this chair.	The more the backstay is tightened, the less the headstay will sag off to leeward, forming a rigid and more efficient arc along the luff of the genoa while beating to weather.	A machine tool is a machine for shaping or machining metal or other rigid materials, usually by cutting, boring, grinding, shearing, or other forms of deformation.	Incrementalism is the antithesis of intrusive central planning, which can create rigid work systems unable to deal with the actual problems faced at the grassroots level.	Early law of the United States inherited the traditional English writ system, in the sense of a rigid set of forms of relief that the law courts were authorized to grant.	Cossack family values as expressed in 21st century Russia are simple, rigid, and seem very traditional compared to those of contemporary Western culture.	The longitude systems of most of those bodies with observable rigid surfaces have been defined by references to a surface feature such as a crater.	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.	The rigid shell means that turtles cannot breathe as other reptiles do, by changing the volume of their chest cavities via expansion and contraction of the ribs.	In polyatomic molecules, the molecule motion can be described by a rigid body rotation and internal vibration of atoms about their equilibrium position.	They form in early autumn and remain rigid during the winter.	They dive with their bodies straight and rigid, wings tucked close to the body but reaching back, extending beyond the tail, before piercing the water like an arrow.	However, in practice, this separation is not as rigid as it appears.	At the instigation of Colbert, whose rigid honesty was scandalised by Fouquet's large-handed and prodigal corruption, Louis determined to curb these soaring aspirations.	In geology, Eurasia is often considered as a single rigid megablock.	A sculptor's ideas must, I should guess, be somewhat rigid and inflexible, like the materials in which he works. Besides, Nollekens's style was comparatively hard and edgy.	But we should not forget that the world was yet too young to have arrived at the rigid and sharply-defined systems of polytheism or allotheism to which we are accustomed.	For Bathsheba's phrasing of life was in the monosyllables of a rigid faith.	Dr. Lasker was an anti-socialist a rigid upholder of private property and of the capitalist system of production.	A knife missing its objective and trembling rigid in the midst of the baize.	And, separated by a hedge, a brown tent with a barbeque pit before it, smoke rising in a rigid ribbon from the chimney.	In this case the formed material has been hardened by calcium phosphate, which gives the rigid consistency to the bone.	A rigid law of settlement, intended to circumscribe their area of density closely, yields only to the persuasion of bribery.	So rigid was his self-control that he gave no other sign of the passion that was convulsing him.	During this energetic action the whole fabric is kept in a state of corrugation, and to such extent is rigid.	Coughlin was sent for, and for two hours he was subjected to a rigid and merciless examination.	His eyelids closed and his face became rigid as a death mask of a man dead in passion.	This doctrinal simplification was accompanied by a most rigid code of morals.	At one end of the series we have the echinus with its rays all united in a box-like rigid shell.	With rigid steps Philip walked to the window and threw up the sash.	How Anne's more rigid requisitions might have been taken is of little consequence.	Mary was standing rigid now, and the rare color flamed in her cheeks.	The rigid knee produced by arthrodesis affords good support but is inconvenient in sitting.	Before her pencil he sat rigid and unflinching, as he had faced the cannon's mouth in days gone by.	The girl, standing pale and rigid against the farther wall, sought with ever-increasing terror for some loophole of escape.	And not a pike or arquebus to frighten them out of a rigid serenity.	But Eugenia had rigid views of life and was not given to concealing them.	Numa had seen this happen before, and so he became almost rigid lest he be the one to send them galloping, waterless, back to the plain.	My poor governess, lying rigid on her deathbed, had a man's face.	But her paralyzed muscles refused to respond, and she stood mute and rigid, staring with ghastly countenance at the living death creeping toward them.	Specimens from these mounds, taken from different localities, and at different levels, were sent to San Francisco for more rigid assay and analysis.
English	Polish	vengeance	zemsta	Based on the activities of the weekend and positive response it is apparent that Bush Week is back with a vengeance.	Thus begins an adventure in which Measle finds friends, braves dangers, wreaks vengeance and discovers a happy ending.	And so, whatever happens, let's hope we're not going to have an administration that is set up to somehow wreak vengeance on the other side.	Those regicides who were already dead, such as John Bradshaw and Oliver Cromwell, had vengeance wreaked on their disinterred corpses.	He attacked the CIA and the Congress for Cultural Freedom with a savage vengeance that rekindled the revolutionism of his youth.	No doubt that these acts of attainder have been abused in England as instruments of vengeance by a successful over a defeated party.	He slunk back a few inches, then remembered Gail, with a slow burn of anger that swept through his soul and demanded vengeance.	Plagued by gloominess and self-hatred, Hamlet often contemplates suicide and berates himself for delaying his vengeance.	She appeared to have beaten the illness in 2004, but just seven months ago the vicious disease returned with vengeance.	In the aging actress films, transitory tyrants return with a vengeance and refuse to pass away.	You will either love them with an undying passion or hate them with an unwavering vengeance.	The ghost of a murdered wife seeks vengeance against her uxoricidal surgeon husband and his new bride.	That deadly combination has let loose a wave of vengeance killings, tribal vendettas, mercenary kidnappings and thievery.	The official machinery was blatantly misused to wreak vengeance and carry out vendetta.	He was also accused of seeking vengeance against colleagues who reported his corruption.	To some extent, therefore, retribution reflects society's desire for vengeance.	But such cathartic vengeance would do nothing to curb the menace of transnational terrorism.	In the end, I set the game of chess back a few hundred years and Robert had his vengeance.	But even I will admit that England achieved more than vengeance against Argentina.	When do we mark the passage from justice to vengeance and from vengeance to new injustice?	The point of a mystery is that the culprit is revealed to general surprise, not that vengeance is exacted for his crime.	They may disappear for a few weeks in August, before returning with a vengeance to gorge on the sprats.	It has a great deal to teach about vengeance and violence, and the way that friendships can stand the tests of both.	Rebel riflemen flung themselves on smoking union cannons firing pointblank, bayonets stabbing, taking vengeance on the cannoneers.	The law began to emphasize social harmoniousness as a goal rather than use repression as a means to satisfy God's vengeance.	He promised to come back with a vengeance in the upcoming open competitions in Barbados and Jamaica.	But lay into others and you should prepare to be visited by the vengeance of polite society.	It's the return of the ice that you have to watch out for, and it was back with a vengeance as October came to a close.	There is also a strong message that vengeance is ignoble, and sacrificing oneself for any higher cause is honorable.	He prophesised the end of the era of mercy was, and the awning of the day of vengeance in the inegalitarian society.	With police and informers everywhere, the Revolution is back with a vengeance.	They will come back with a vengeance if the politicians they have elected let them down.	Stories of vengeance and realistic portrayals of contemporary life came into fashion around this time.	Today his crumply white face has filled out again, his belly is back with a vengeance and his clothes sense has deserted him.	When perpetrators of ghastly crimes are tried, we almost always hear the victims' families' calls for vengeance.	A couple comedies were a temporary derailment before he returned with a vengeance with Total Recall.	Such heady language evoked a strong response among political refugees who were indeed sharpening the sword of vengeance on their own suffering.	The woman remains peaceful because, after ten years, vengeance has been exacted against her husband.	Rainy season really started with a vengeance today, so the walk to the station was a little damp as it was raining and humid.	So in the end it sort of has a happy ending, in that you get to see Grace exact vengeance.	Locals say a lot of this woodland is regrowth that's come back with a vengeance, in the absence of fire and rabbits.	I tear at the paper with a vengeance to reveal that my dream had come true also.	The Manchester United empire continues to strike back with a vengeance rather than crumbling away.	What the summer proved beyond doubt is that the gulf between Northern and Southern Hemisphere rugby is back with a vengeance.	I'd criticized him for showing mercy and compassion where I would have wreaked a devastating vengeance.	Down I rode from the Black Sea steppe to wreak vengeance on the men of Athens.	And David O'Brien's father thinks Maria is the ghost of the mythical Dubhana, come back to wreak vengeance on him.	Despite a dizzying number of women coming forward against her husband, Camille Cosby refuses to sharpen her blade of vengeance.	The tail end of Indian batting finally performed with vengeance.	The second he starts talking about his childhood, that story will reemerge with a vengeance.	Otherwise we are merely callow modernizers or cavalier avant-gardists, who in seeking to eradicate the past will discover that it returns with a vengeance to plague us.	How can the death penalty been seen as anything other than vengeance?	Why didn't God empower the israelites to wreak vengeance on their enemies who were evil people?	As the otherwise insightful report notes, he does not seem to have gone to the school seeking vengeance for some long-ago wrong.	Typically in a robot film, the script eventually calls for the obliging machine to override its software program and run amok, wreaking vengeance on its masters.	Whoever praised Frederick within the borders of his realm did so from necessity, to evade the indignation of a prince who wreaked stern vengeance upon every foe.	Ye may know, too, that he is a man, for he has had sons by his wife, and few of our kinsfolk have fallen unatoned by our house, so that we have not had vengeance for them.	A natural urge in newly freed countries is to wreak vengeance on, or at least deny continued privileges to, the oppressors of the previous regime.	However, there is at least a sense that security is back on the agenda with a vengeance.	A suicide bomber with cold feet, a road machinery operator with a vengeance and drive-by shooters have Israelis on edge.	Ferdy Murphy's gelding has struck form with a vengeance recently, scoring at Sedgefield and Catterick, his latest success being achieved in facile style.	It all went pear shaped around the second half of 1990 when the Big Bloke bought the network back and the wilful dumbing down began with a vengeance.	Meanwhile the Abate exulted in successful vengeance, and the marquis smarted beneath the stings of disappointment.	Thomas Aquinas, a Doctor of the Church, accepted the death penalty as a deterrent and prevention method but not as a means of vengeance.	MacLeod from Dunvegan, his tacksmen big with vengeance, caught up with the raiders by Ardmore Bay, and none of the MacDonalds was spared.	From the first, she is the New Woman with a vengeance, loving nothing better than a chair, whisky, cigars and a detective story.	Can there be a woe or curse in all the stores of vengeance equal to the malignity of such a practice?	God of War 2, for PlayStation 2, is reportedly a tale of violent vengeance and endless, repetitious killing.	But forgoing vengeance is pure Gabby, colleagues tell Eleanor Clift.	As we have discovered with a vengeance, the dangers of speed have to be relearned by every new generation.	If action brings requitement, what follows on the anger of vengeance is a quittance.	It had not helped the duke to build himself a cannonproof stone chamber to sleep in for dread of vengeance after the assassination of Orleans.	When a beastly creature demands vengeance for the wolf's death, Feyre is captured and taken to the dangerous magical land of Prythian.	Bede attributes this defeat to God's vengeance for the Northumbrian attack on the Irish in the previous year.	And this thought, blinding them to all else, insensating them to all emotions but that of vengeance, was thought of Josephine.	Hamlet's conundrum, then, is whether to avenge his father and kill Claudius, or to leave the vengeance to God, as his religion requires.	He left negative feedback and vowed vengeance but the seller just laughed as she negged him back.	Agamemnon's son, Orestes, out of vengeance for his father's death, kills Aegisthus.	The Middle Ages, from beginning to end, and particularly the feudal era, lived under the sign of private vengeance.	After this, the vengeance on the whole camp! or rather, the bone-ache! for that, methinks, is the curse dependent on those that war for a placket.	In modern times, the fanciful concept of a mummy coming back to life and wreaking vengeance when disturbed has spawned a whole genre of horror stories and films.	For example, Telemachus wishes for vengeance and for Odysseus to be home, Penelope wishes for Odysseus' return, and the suitors wish for the death of Telemachus.	We have seen this with a vengeance at One Liberty Plaza, which is proving to be a microcosm of its local economy, Silicon Alley, the center of high technology in New York.	Tostig, however, remained unconvinced and plotted vengeance.	A certain marquis had been thrashed with a walking-stick, but showed no disposition to take vengeance on his castigator.	The blacke infernall Furies, the erinyes, or goddesses of vengeance, who dwelt in Erebus.	Their vengeance had been excited by aggressions made on them by the whites.	In great wrath he swore to take vengeance on the man who had dared to tear up his complaint so contumeliously.	These knockers at your gate are also believers in vengeance and in stabbing.	England and Austria insisted that there should be neither vengeance nor counterrevolution.	But I am not sure that it is not a fitter vengeance to let her live and remember.	Deep in his heart had grown up a purpose of vengeance which only waited an opportunity to crystallise and take a definite shape.	This was the vengeance for which she had longed, for which she had plotted, the vengeance she had at last achieved.	In a second there would be a free-for-all fight, and he would be robbed of his vengeance.	On the Tuesday the great nobles, leaders in the fight, were executed, and the Yorkist vengeance was complete.	Then my wrongs should have received full vengeance, and none would have blamed me for meting it out to these two villains.	Masterly tactics, for they showed her power, gratified her vengeance, and left her unassailed.	The royalists only awaited the favorable moment to unchain their vengeance on the capital.	But still, above and beneath and through every other odor, the unlaid ghost of Tammas's victim cried for vengeance.	There would be direr, slower vengeance wreaked on them than on the alien British.	Troth, we e'en fitted them and clawed 'em off with a vengeance, for all they looked so big and so grum.	The poor thing's vengeance was theatrical and paltry, but what of the man, wherever he was?	The American officer returned to his ship, vowing vengeance on the harborers of the deserter.	Somehow the joke got out, and old Pipe rent his garments and swore vengeance on the sidehill Whirlwind.	There was not a word of gratitude to this man, not a murmur of vengeance nor of revolt.	He left Rome, only to return to wreak vengeance at the head of a Volscian army.	The Wendish and the Bohemian ballad have the incident of fraternal vengeance, though otherwise less like the German.	Was it that he was more likely to enact the vengeance she thirsted for than the old Baronet?	I could have wreaked a cruel vengeance upon the body for the sin of the mind.	After all, even though she wreaked vengeance as she fell, what would it avail her?	Perhaps too often wreaking their vengeance on victims that might be innocent.	Surely a God who wreaks vengeance for one man's sin upon his innocent children cannot be a God of Justice!	Other vengeance than mine had called him to the day of reckoning, and had exacted from him the penalty of his life.	He glutted his vengeance on the defenceless population of Guanajuato.	That's what I call getting hunk with a vengeance, old-timer.	Plan after plan he formed only to discard each either as impracticable, or unworthy the vengeance his wrongs demanded.	It might keep Dave from wreaking his vengeance on the whole ship.	It was succeeded by the most frantic and angry demonstrations of vengeance.	My strong ale must have got into your addle pate with a vengeance.	Juno, as in the Aeneid, delegated the work of vengeance to Alecto.	Their fitness for purposes of vengeance was appallingly complete.	How much better do the English understand the arts of vengeance!	All that dark treasure to be lavished on the very man, to whom nothing else could so adequately pay the debt of vengeance!	They even wanted to wreak their unreasoning vengeance on this innocent dumb brute.	In our instinctive rebellion against pain, we are children again, and demand an active will to wreak our vengeance on.	Walker forces Brendan to relive his childhood demons and, with Seamus tied up, encourages the quick-tempered Irishman to take brutal vengeance.	Soon afterward the unhappy wretch received sentence of death, and was remanded to the county jail to await the inexorable vengeance of the law.	He smiled cruelly, his own anxieties forgotten in the savour of vengeance.	Who knew what vengeance they might take for the killing of the Padres?	But Orestes was not yet relieved from the vengeance of the erinyes.	The joys of vengeance were depicted on the features of the exciseman.	This was the vengeance, then, that he took upon Nicias, frag.	These two would meet, there would be recriminations, a tragic appeal for forgiveness, possibly some melodramatic attempt at vengeance.	Instead of satisfying a point of honor, it is vengeance to be glutted.	The Captain inwardly vowed vengeance on his chum's grandnephew.	Rochester affirmed I was wearing him to skin and bone, and threatened awful vengeance for my present conduct at some period fast coming.	A bomb outrage to have any influence on public opinion now must go beyond the intention of vengeance or terrorism.	Unluckily it brought down a Sioux warrior, for whose wanton destruction threefold vengeance had been taken, as has been stated.	The disaster rankled in Edward's mind, ever craving vengeance, impotently.	So it is that the furies help Orestes to wreak vengeance on his mother, Clytaemnestra, for killing his father, Agamemnon.	This was applying the linstock to the priming with a vengeance.	Will she join these madmen in their wild thirst for vengeance?	His unacquitted debt of vengeance on Linton, too, was not forgotten.	He was no Monte Cristo, come to wreak vengeance on his cruel oppressors.	As soon as the rope was tied, the Expedition moved forward with that alacrity which the thirst for vengeance usually inspires.	Yet here I sit, as yet unimmolated on the altar of phrenetic vengeance.	My vengeance and my rancour, beside which all others shall pale!	You prostitute a great cause when you stoop to use its machinery to assist your own private vengeance.	But how puny and harmless they now looked beside this huge and terrific incarnation of hate, of vengeance and of death.	Whoso does not share my vengeance is not a member of my family.
English	Polish	convicted	skazany	Although arrestees who are not convicted can later have their DNA removed from databases, this would involve a bureaucratic process.	Three years ago he was convicted of actual bodily harm, after a fight with a neighbour.	They were convicted by the magistrates of obstructing a police officer in the execution of his duty.	A 1996 immigration reform law allows the government to deport illegal aliens convicted of an aggravated felony.	He was convicted last month for running a stop sign and colliding with a man on a motorcycle who was killed instantly.	Not one of those attackers has been convicted or punished for these crimes.	We've had priests, ministers, schoolteachers, and Internet lurkers indicted, tried, convicted, and sentenced.	Constitutionally, only the king can grant partial or complete amnesty to anyone convicted in Cambodia.	And when you're the defendant and you're the only one that they can take that anger out on, you're going to pretty much always get convicted.	If convicted, the money laundering charge carries a penalty of up to life in prison.	Bright has been convicted of driving his mobility scooter over the drink-drive limit under a historic Victorian law dating back almost 140 years.	Once convicted, all of those people can be required to put their DNA on a database.	For that crime, she was tried, convicted, and sent back to slavery, thus restoring his property.	There you might be convicted of manslaughter on the basis of excessive self-defence.	If an animal bites or is vicious it is put to sleep so why let any convicted murderer roam our streets?	They were accused of lying out of a malicious desire to see the appellants convicted.	A deputy headteacher's career is in ruins after he was convicted of kerb-crawling in a notorious red light area.	Women, therefore, who were quick with child, and convicted of capital crimes, were respited until after delivery.	Once labelled a terrorist, he was convicted of treason and jailed for 27 years.	The Shinto shrine honors convicted Japanese war criminals along with the war dead.	If convicted, they should not be allowed to go back into the business as a white hat hacker.	When those convicted are let off with lenient sentences what do people expect?	A convicted thug has been jailed for throwing a witness to the floor when the pair met by chance in a corner shop.	As late as 1864 it was suggested that convicted prisoners should be transported to the Falkland Islands.	Some states also limit the governor's power to commute sentences and pardon convicted criminals.	His behavior was in no way accidental, and he was in fact subsequently convicted of second-degree murder for killing Fansler.	Innocent people are convicted each year because of mistaken eyewitness identification.	He has a string of prior convictions and was arrested and was later convicted of abducting a prostitute and threatening to kill her.	Similarly, for the same period, only 23 municipal and city mayors were convicted for malversation, bribery and theft.	In the mid-1990s he was fined for clocking cars and, more recently, was convicted of a passport fraud.	A council worker is facing prison after being convicted of sexually abusing a young girl 30 years ago.	Authorities will most likely resist any deal which may create a perception that they've gone easy on a person convicted for drug trafficking.	Only a handful of recidivists and unrepentant individuals convicted of major crimes against the faith were put to death.	The jury convicted and the Court of Appeal refused to quash the conviction.	The forecasts show that recidivist offenders are now more likely to be convicted, taken off the streets, and kept off the streets.	The convicted thief will lose his right to liberty by being placed in prison.	That trial proceeded, I prosecuted, and the jury duly convicted him of perjury.	A federal jury convicted him on ten counts of bribery, corruption and racketeering.	He was charged with attempted rape and assault occasioning actual bodily harm, and convicted.	The compromise was a Criminal Justice System weighted in favour of the defendant but with harsh penalties for the convicted.	Some wanted retribution and called for the death penalty for convicted police murderers, while others lamented the decline of their communities.	I knew he was innocent, and I had a unique perspective, where I saw the way in which he had gotten railroaded and convicted.	One parent was dead and the second parent was convicted of the murder and is serving a life sentence in prison.	He was convicted of kidnap and murder in July after he admitted the crimes.	It follows, in my judgment, that this evidence was rightly admitted and the appellant was rightly convicted.	As the law of 1580 prescribed a penalty of 50 years of banishment for adulterers, he was apparently convicted of adultery rather than incest.	These applicants were on the agreed facts rightly convicted and I would therefore refuse the leave sought.	However, leading US right-to-die activist Dr Jack Kevorkian, known as Dr Death, was convicted in 1999 of second-degree murder.	In this case a number of appellants have been convicted of more than one bank robbery.	He was convicted of securities fraud, conspiracy and seven counts of filing false reports with regulators.	He was convicted of perjury, served 30 days, and went back to a swashbuckling career in contraband.	So, Mark Felt was convicted of Cointelpro operations including countless break-ins, but he is now famous for blowing the whistle on another group of burglars.	Some were lynched and many others brought before the courts where they were convicted and sentenced to long terms working on county chain and highway gangs.	Williams was ultimately acquitted of aggravated manslaughter charges, but convicted of attempting to cover up the fatal shooting of a limousine driver.	A year later, the meshuga Monserrate was expelled from the State Senate after he was convicted of a domestic assault.	And in April, a Florida pastor named Kevin Sutherland was convicted of trying to sell fraudulent Damien Hirst paintings.	The Recorder of York, Judge Paul Hoffman, signed a warrant for Clarkson's arrest, after a jury at York Crown Court convicted him in his absence of robbery.	Earlier this year, a similar bill was rejected by the council because it called for the death penalty as the most severe punishment for anyone convicted by the tribunal.	Which politician wants to defend federally-subsidized abortions for convicted criminals?	The Sexual Offences Act had made trafficking for sexual purposes an offence and those convicted could face 14 years in prison and sequestration of their assets.	The 16-year-old appeared at Chelmsford Crown Court for sentencing after a jury convicted him of wounding the other boy with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.	It is partly because of old lags enjoying favours from prison officers that the murderer is at large, four other men having been wrongly convicted.	Weighing in on the matter, they have all but tried and convicted Wayne Gretzky as a domineering dad in the process.	The self-confessed killer of Peruvian college student Stephany Flores was convicted of aggravated homicide and petty theft.	This is a field where, largely on a consultant paediatrician's say-so, families can be split asunder or parents can be convicted of very serious crimes against their children.	The government is to discuss a general amnesty for prisoners convicted of crimes that might be politically motivated, a senior official said yesterday.	Thomas Daniels was convicted of DUI and arrested a year later on hit-and-run charges.	Interview with Emil Savundra In 1967, Frost took on Emil Savundra, a businessman who was eventually convicted of fraud.	After the trial resumed in January, Mandela was convicted of high treason and sentenced to life.	However, the High Court reversed the lower court decision yesterday, reducing sentences for most of those convicted in the construction fault case.	If she is definitively convicted, she will likely face an extradition order to come back to Italy to serve out her sentence.	The 22-year-old could face up to eight and a half years in prison if convicted.	He used live models to show how Rudy Guede, who was convicted in a fast-track trial last October, likely killed Kercher alone.	Porter was convicted and shortly after sentenced to death by a judge who compared him to a shark in a feeding frenzy.	If convicted, the five suspects, including one from Taiwan, face jail terms of between 10 and 20 years and fines of up to 50 million riel, a deputy prosecutor said.	Admittedly, facts, not likability, are what are supposed to determine whether a defendant is convicted in this country.	Unsurprisingly, skinner was convicted despite the weapon not being found and conflicting testimony identifying him as the shooter.	Goetz was convicted only of criminal possession of a weapon in the third degree and served just eight months.	In 1973, he was convicted on seventeen counts and sentenced to three years in federal prison.	He is ultimately convicted and sentenced to federal prison, creating a happy ending in a domestic abuse story.	He was convicted and given a life sentence, which he served under house arrest because of his age.	Offenders convicted of drugs supply who are themselves habitual misusers, and are otherwise suitable for a community sentence, should also be considered.	In fact, just this week, a woman in Kenya was convicted of killing her own 4-month-old child with albinism.	This derives from the case in which two showmen were convicted of keeping a booth on Epsom Downs for the purpose of presenting an indecent exhibition to those who paid.	Tyson was eventually convicted of the 1991 rape of an 18-year-old beauty queen.	If convicted of manipulating and bilking Bettencourt, he could face up to three years in prison.	Moreover, the current foreign minister, Avigdor Lieberman was charged, though not convicted, with fraud and breach of trust.	Roethlisberger was never convicted of anything and like Bryant, he settled a sexual assault claim out of court.	Carolina Panther Greg Hardy was convicted this summer of assaulting his girlfriend and threatening her life.	He was one of 10 convicted prisoners who escaped from the prison on June 8 after holding up prison warders at gunpoint and locking them in a cell.	In addition to the 3,066 counts of accessory to murder, he was convicted of five counts of accessory to attempted murder and accessory to causing bodily injury.	Ravi would be thrown out of the dorms, perhaps even convicted of a crime, and Clementi would be able to move on with his life.	Pellicano and his codefendant Arneson were convicted, among other things, of 17 counts of honest-services wire fraud.	He was also convicted earlier this year of indecent exposure involving a minor, and sentenced to six months in jail.	They voted to imprison people convicted of being gay for two years and six months.	Just recently, two people convicted, one of them for murder for drag racing on a public street, rammed into another car, killing people in the car.	Denied parole nine straight times, he insists he is innocent of the crime for which he was convicted.	She was convicted of writing bad checks with intent to defraud.	He protested his innocence to the end, claiming he had been falsely charged and convicted.	He was convicted of treason and beheaded in Salisbury, near the Bull's Head Inn, on 2 November.	Several people were convicted of using witchcraft to send storms against James's ship, most notably Agnes Sampson.	A posthumous pardon was not considered appropriate as Alan Turing was properly convicted of what at the time was a criminal offence.	He also shows More loathing Protestantism, burning both Martin Luther's books and English Protestants who have been convicted of heresy.	There is no legal definition of sorcery in Saudi, but in 2007 an Egyptian pharmacist working there was accused, convicted, and executed.	Although he was convicted of treason and sentenced to death, doubt has been cast on how much he really knew of the plot.	After she restored them in the second edition, Moxon was prosecuted and convicted of blasphemous libel, though he escaped punishment.	He has an older brother, Matthew Francis Nolan, a convicted criminal, and a younger brother, Jonathan.	According to the Federal Bureau of Prisons, the majority of inmates held in federal prisons are convicted of drug offenses.	New World slaves were considered the property of their owners, and slaves convicted of revolt or murder were executed.	It found that Special Branch had given informers immunity by ensuring they weren't caught or convicted, and blocking weapons searches.	An exception applies, however, if the individual convicted of high treason receives a full pardon.	If the accused is convicted, he or she is thereafter referred to as the convicted.	Breaches of the Geneva Conventions is the most serious war crime that Bosniaks were convicted of.	Alaa and his brother were convicted last year of embezzling state funds and still face trial for insider trading.	On 25 May 1895 Wilde and Alfred Taylor were convicted of gross indecency and sentenced to two years' hard labour.	Mary was convicted on 25 October and sentenced to death with only one commissioner, Lord Zouche, expressing any form of dissent.	If one is convicted at the district court, the defence can make an appeal on procedural grounds to the supreme court.	The court also convicted David Mills, Michael Bancroft, Alison Mills, and John Cartwright for their parts in the conspiracy.	Freedmen slaves, those of the Cives Romani convicted of crimes, or citizens settling Latin colonies could be given this status under the law.	Five members of the Joe Boys gang were arrested and convicted of the crime.	He went to trial and was convicted for encouraging terrorism and glorifying the Islamic State.	He had the fortune to have never been convicted of Piracy and lived a full life beyond his days on the Adventure Prize.	In some cases, convicted criminals were transported to the colonies as indentured servants, rather than being imprisoned.	In 1981, Sutcliffe was convicted of murdering thirteen women and attempting to murder seven others.	Paul Wilson, a convicted robber, asked to borrow a videotape before attempting to strangle him with the cable from a pair of stereo headphones.	Clark was convicted of the contract murder and sentenced to life imprisonment.	Read decided to proceed with the case and have a separate trial for Mitchell once the twins had been convicted.	Nearly 100 suspected Islamists were arrested in 2005 and 31 people were convicted of trying to overthrow the government.	Corporal Sankoh was convicted and jailed for seven years at the Pademba Road Prison in Freetown.	Zhu Wan's success was short lived, and he was convicted of wrongful executions by his enemies the same year.	The defendant was convicted because the prosecutor proved the defendant's prior knowledge of the victim's particular vulnerability.	It was held that he should not be convicted of arson because he expected the Valium to calm him down, and this was its normal effect.	Coke had no official role, other than acting as a mediator between the two, but in the end Fuller was convicted by the High Commission.	Dudley and Stephens were convicted of murder and sentenced to be hanged, however their sentence was later reduced to just six months in prison.	Corporations can even be convicted of criminal offences, such as fraud and manslaughter.	This may include, for example, aggravating circumstances which will be used to elevate the defendant's sentence if the defendant is convicted.	A royal pardon cannot excuse the defendant from trial, but a pardon may reprieve a convicted defendant.	In April 2010, the director of technical services of Charleroi, Henri Stassens, was convicted in court of fraud and corruption.	He wonders at my extreme prodigality of credit, and searedness of conscience, in citing an epistle so convicted by Bellarmine!	Several council officials were convicted of stuffing the ballot box in 1996 to guarantee approval of a widely disliked contract.	Major Arthen was convicted of conduct unbecoming of an officer after engaging in a sexual affair with an enlisted member of the Air Force.	A TEACHER who squirted his ex with a water pistol during a row was arrested and convicted of assault.	One brother, state Sen. Floyd Lamb, was convicted in an FBI bribery sting.	Known as an alcolock, the device is aimed at preventing those who have been convicted of drinking and driving from reoffending.	Those convicted came from Tehran, Yazd, Shiraz, Abadan and Kerman, and were each imprisoned for between 11 and 21 years.	Mohammed Razwan, 25, of Quillets Close, Bell Green, Coventry, was convicted of driving with no insurance and failing to produce his insurance.	He was yesterday jailed by a judger at Birmingham Crown Court for seven years after being convicted of conspiracy to steal at an earlier hearing.	Keogh, of Lyme Cross Road, Huyton, was jailed for life yesterday after being unanimously convicted of murdering the dad-of-three.	In Timor-Leste, community panels pursued the same goals while also requiring convicted perpetrators to perform reintegrative community service.	Daniel Labrum, 18, of Abdon Avenue, Selly Oak, was convicted of cruelty to animals after failing to feed his dog Steffi and her three puppies.
English	Polish	lumpy	grudkowaty	His face became disfigured, all blotchy and lumpy, truly monstrous, and he began to develop ulcers all over inside.	The surfaces are lumpy and clotted, linty with escaping threads, amusingly slapdash.	You could use cottage cheese at a push, but sieve it really well, or the mix will end up lumpy.	She grasped at the ground under her right hand, taking a huge lump of wet, lumpy dirt up with it.	She seriously doubted a lumpy mattress would make for a good night's sleep.	There were pods like small lumpy rugby balls sprouting straight from the trunk.	Some sites can have quite a current rushing across them and the seas can be lumpy.	I can only assume that for my buddies in Tortola, this will only mean a bit of rain and some lumpy seas.	The use of knobby, marled wool yarn gives each tulip-shaped hat loads of lumpy, one-of-a-kind character.	The ground seemed lumpy and careful observations revealed the outline of a massive shape.	Swaggering along in their check suits, gold chains, lumpy rings and billycocks, they were pointed out by name or exploit.	The tsetse fly transmits sleeping sickness, midges transmits lumpy skin disease and three-day stiff sickness.	The tsetse fly transmits sleeping sickness, midges transmit lumpy skin disease and three-day stiff sickness.	It looks wide and lumpy bumpy in the picture, but it actually drapes nicely when worn.	The dress she's wearing only just covers her thin and bony frame, and her spindly legs poke out above long white lumpy kneesocks.	In the California hand roll, however, the crab, cucumber, and avocado were food-processed into a lumpy, green mixture lopped over the rice.	When the air condenses into small, lumpy, low pockets of cloud, this is cumulus.	Older John Deere 7000 planters sometimes put seeds almost on top in lumpy spots while dropping them in just right where the soil is softer.	My parents had a proper bed while I slept on a lumpy foldaway, which, to a child of nine seemed pretty cool.	In bread baking, you add a little bit of salt so that, instead of a lumpy, haphazard crust, you get gorgeous, round, smooth loaves.	Below me is a sea of clouds, as far as I can see, nothing but a gray lumpy mattress of thick vapor, moving ever so slowly.	Her fingers looked as if someone had beat on them and they were welted and lumpy and bent at uncomfortable angles.	The work's neon-bright surfaces range from the impeccably airbrushed to lumpy aquarium rocks drenched in paint and glued on.	Should your stencil sheet be too thin, lumpy or uneven it is a good idea to kiss it off as soon as you notice.	The city's skyscrapers give the landscape a lumpy appearance, but the instrument's resolving power fails to distinguish individual buildings.	There was a small desk made of metal opposite his squeaky, lumpy bed.	The fine powder has to be slightly moistened and formed into granules to make a product which will dissolve without bedding down into a lumpy mass.	I don't just mean sour, I mean lumpy and curdled and almost cheese.	Even the basics are not up to scratch as the court, laid at the last minute, slopes alarmingly and is uneven in some places and positively lumpy in others.	Today, for example, she was dressed in a thinly ribbed, cream-colored turtleneck beneath a rather lumpy violet sweater knitted by her grandmother.	And then I thwacked my left knee on the washing machine this afternoon while I was cleaning out the rat cage, and it is all red and lumpy and it, too, hurts when I walk on it.	Built beneath a grandstand of lumpy bluestone, it features honour boards the length of the room and memorabilia cabinets filled with old footy boots and yellowing programs.	We don't have lumpy pudding, soggy semolina or horrible cabbage any more.	Calmer patches on the way to Claife and Adelaide drew the fleet together before Five pulled away from Kiffs and Zephyr in the lumpy waters of Millerground Bay.	If my memory serves me well, they had a yellowish, lumpy inside.	The heavy spout represents the lumpy branch of a crab apple tree.	Just an hour out of Port Taranaki, the sea was a bit lumpy, but bearable.	In a famous passage, he squeezes the hands of his fellow labourers in a tub of lumpy sperm oil, which they are kneading back to its proper, fluid consistency.	A tablespoon of glycerine makes it glossy, or half a cup of soapflakes makes it lumpy.	The reflectance spectra of the lumpy or cloddy soil and of coarse sandy soil are shown in Fig.	He said that in severe cases the conjunctiva under the upper eyelids swell and look lumpy.	As Lehman, Breuler is sluggish, coarse, and lumpy, huffing and puffing his way arthritically about the stage like some 1930s crime-movie heavy.	I don't know which was worse, the lumpy soup or the lumpy bed.	Linham was fixing a broken topping lift on the spinnaker pole when a sheet wrapped around his ankle and, when the spinnaker filled, he was flicked into the lumpy sea.	The typical presentation of NFD consists of acute, lumpy, plaquelike indurations involving the lower limbs and occasionally the upper limbs and torso, he said.	It is knotted and lumpy to the touch and a rumbling noise is heard within it.	About the most unappetizing thing I can think of is lumpy mashed potato, or mashed potato that is heavy and unseasoned.	Most of it is turgid, lumpy, fuzzy in texture, squalid in intellect.	Daniels nodded, his florid, moon face looking lumpy and important.	At first lumpy did not know what had caused his pony to fall.	Suddenly from a lumpy tussock of old grass some twenty yards in front of them, with black-tipped ears erect and long hinder limbs throwing it forward, started a hare.
English	Polish	saturated	nasycony	An alternate method to remove lacquer is to rub with a cloth saturated with acetone or alcohol.	Researchers have found that feeding cows rapeseed generates milk with lower levels of high-cholesterol, saturated fat.	The colours are no longer saturated, indeed they take on a certain mistiness.	At some point add a strawberry shake to take you to 247 percent of saturated fat and 166 percent of sodium.	Seedlings planted in saturated soils or standing water will suffer from asphyxiation and probably die.	By the end of May the nearly saturated soil in the mountains could absorb little additional moisture.	My lungs, dry like sandpaper from all the smoke, craved the saturated Washington air.	Prodigal servings of pure saturated color are fattened further with a rich welter of tints, tones and shades.	The fanciful camera work, the huge scope, the saturated Warner colors, and the relentless melodrama lifts the piece into mythic levels.	Fatty cuts of meat and processed meats are among meats high in saturated fat.	I held the saturated bisulfite solution at arms length and slowly added the sulfuric acid.	If a hot saturated sugar solution is allowed to cool slowly, the sugar comes out of solution and crystallizes on the bottom of the container.	A new nomenclature system for the linear saturated hydrocarbons is proposed.	Amir Mokri's cinematography is dominated by warm, deeply saturated hues, and loads of shadows.	The Ohio soil resource includes a number of wet, seasonally saturated soils.	With recent heavy rains the ground is even more saturated now and massive puddles of rainwater cover a large percentage of the site.	Soy foods like hot dogs, soy sausage, tempeh, and even soy pastrami are also great substitutes because they contain no saturated fat.	The colors and flesh tones are all very bright and well saturated while the black levels look deep and dark.	The colour seems less saturated than it could be, or maybe my eye demands a denser surface.	Periodically saturated sand or sawdust should be scraped away and fresh, clean material put in place.	Despite the saturated hues, a quietness, partially the result of craft, characterizes the sculpture.	The resulting animal yields beef cuts lower in saturated fat, satisfying many health-conscious consumers.	Their study found that most theatres popped corn in coconut oil, which contains 86 per cent saturated fat, the kind that raises cholesterol.	When postsynaptic receptors are saturated, a quantum of synaptic current corresponds to the response evoked in a single synaptic bouton.	With slide film, use your camera's exposure-compensation feature to underexpose by a half or a full stop for more saturated color bands.	With its saturated colors and full, undulating rhythms, the mural is like a flower springing out of a crack in a concrete wall.	The target area would be saturated, that was certain, but Erik doubted whether it would work or not.	Although saturated with multiracialist propaganda, schools suffers from racial division and violence.	The gyro and moussaka each have about 800 calories and at least a day's worth of saturated fat.	Three seascapes are displayed in lightboxes, allowing them to glow with saturated colour.	What this means is that when this umber is combined with any good, saturated colour, that other colour will lose most of it's gray properties.	Also tonight, wild weather in the west as major Pacific storms pour down on already saturated areas.	Due to the large population and extremely good weather year round, airspace is saturated with aircraft.	Olive oil is very low in saturated fats and loaded with healthy monounsaturated fats, so choose it over others.	Fruits, vegetables, and whole grains are being replaced by readily accessible foods high in saturated fat, sugar, and refined carbohydrates.	The market is soon saturated with imported automobiles, electronic gadgetry, luxurious home appliances and name-brand whisky.	Colors are moderately saturated, though a few of the British redcoats are so bright red that the color bleeds somewhat.	It contains less monounsaturated fat and more unhealthy artery-clogging saturated fat than olive oil, Weil says.	In the center are two squares consisting of nine deeply saturated blocks of red, sienna, blue and black.	Different types of fat, or fatty ingredients can replace the high saturated fat found in lard.	Industry observers say the Swiss market is saturated with too many banks chasing too few Swiss francs.	It also illustrates how they successfully penetrated the European car market which was already saturated with a large number of competitors.	If you've seen the commercials, you already know that the film is an aesthetic marvel, saturated with color and light and visual decadence.	The Western world, particularly the U.S., is saturated with information technology.	These songs are by no means depressing, instead they are sensual and saturated with lush instrumentation and brass percussion.	After 45 solid minutes I was totally saturated with information and all sorts of flashing images.	Gran opens one of the containers and immediately the dog's nostrils are saturated with a powerful chemical smell.	Recently, the popular music sector was saturated with boy bands, girl groups and choreographed vocalists in the wake of the fall of grunge.	After 5 days of eating broccoli or oil fortified with vitamin K, says Booth, more osteocalcin was saturated with carboxyl groups.	When the resin becomes saturated with calcium and magnesium, it must be recharged.	Eventually, the surface of the activated charcoal will be saturated with absorbed pollutants and no further purification will occur.	But traditional lightning rods can become saturated with electricity and turn into magnets for lightning.	I left the Dartmouth archive saturated with a sense of the tenuousness of Mohegan life in eighteenth-century New England.	Groundwater comes from an aquifer, an underground zone of saturated sand, gravel, or rock that yields significant quantities of water.	Messing with our rods and cones, Downing's saturated dots stick around perceptually in afterimages.	The discharge or nondischarge of the trichocyst was observed by adding a drop of saturated picric acid to the cells.	The colors all appear clearly defined and sharp while the black levels are solid and well saturated.	However, bacterial decomposition had saturated the Vasa's oaken beams with hydrogen sulfide, which eventually created a huge reservoir of sulfur.	This diet is low in cholesterol and saturated fat and high in complex carbohydrates.	Although the core materials are saturated in resins, the planks can still swell from excessive amounts of moisture.	These prints are evenly saturated with color and a bright, almost lurid light of a consistent value.	Colors are properly saturated and vibrant, black levels are solid, though the sharpness is good to middling.	Work the soil only when it is dry enough to crumble easily after squeezing never when it is saturated with water.	They should feel heavy and thoroughly saturated, but they should not be falling apart.	On the way down into Spain the road several times broke from tree cover in valleys that were a sea of saturated emerald.	All these talented chefs are graduating from these old-guard kitchens and branching out and the market is saturated.	The Mediterranean diet is lighter on the saturated fats found in meat and dairy products, and heavier on mono-unsaturated fats, found in olive oil and walnuts.	What fraction of receptors are saturated following the release of a single quantum, and is a larger synapse, with more receptors less saturated than a smaller one?	But during the downpours last November, the mound only succeeded in accumulating a huge expanse of water which had run off from saturated fields nearby.	When goods are well-made and durable, eventually markets are saturated.	The lack of correlation between saturated fat intake and heart disease risk still stands.	About 45 percent of the calories in whole milk comes from saturated fat.	But a raft of studies now shows that saturated fat does not increase your likelihood of vascular or heart disease.	The final list was ranked with equal weight given to calories, saturated fat, sodium, and carbohydrates.	Because the melted water cannot drain into the frozen subsoil, the upper lifts of a roadbed become saturated and the road's load bearing capacity is greatly reduced.	Turner was unavoidably saturated in the history and romance of the sea.	Colors are lush, rich, and warm while never appearing overly saturated.	Biscuits, cakes, pastries, meat pies, sausages, hard cheese, butter and foods containing lard, coconut or palm oil all tend to be high in saturated fats.	Casey rubbed her eyes and ran her hands over her saturated hair.	Be sure to watch for water spraying and overly saturated spots.	The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of accelerated aging of wheat seeds either over a saturated solution of sodium chloride or over water.	Clean, blip and fleck free pictures, well saturated colors, and a dash of light grain with a splash of digital edge enhancement make for a satisfactory overall presentation.	Its low refractive index, compared with that of the pigments, cause the scattering of considerable amounts of incident light, resulting in less saturated colours.	Used as a simple camera, it renders rich, deeply saturated colors.	Verster then paints fields and loose approximations of subjects in rich swathes of highly saturated colour, sometimes removing paint to model his images.	If it is a fast drying area, then xeriscape-type plants would do well, and if the area is always saturated with water, then bog-type of plants are needed.	If the surface film of water is saturated with oxygen there will be no further diffusion until oxygen diffuses from the surface film into the overall body of water.	The editorial is there to deliver readers to the advertisers and most of it is utterly saturated with the concerns and values of the advertising that surrounds it.	He sees expansion beyond Singapore's boundaries as the only way to avoid the slow profit growth that comes to a company that has saturated its home market.	The market is saturated with this sort of heavy, but melodic guitar-based rock, and there isn't really a wrinkle or gimmick to help attract listeners.	Textured soy protein and tempeh are excellent meat alternatives that can completely or partially replace ground meat to reduce intake of saturated fat and cholesterol.	Okada's descriptions were from sections of paraffin-embedded material that had been fixed in Flemming's solution or a saturated solution of mercuric chloride in seawater.	We are living in a surveilled world, in an era saturated with our need for attention.	Only the red allows for variation, and von der Ahe pushes it to shades ranging from a faint rusty tint to a deeply saturated red violet to a ruddy brown.	Simultaneously rough and lyrical, her paintings are jagged emotional landscapes in colors that range from earthy to bilious, saturated to saccharine.	The shocking weather of the last two weeks has held up the cutting of turf as the banks are saturated and machines are not able to travel without damaging spreading grounds.	Residential areas are becoming increasingly saturated with the towers, often over the protests of neighbors concerned about sightliness and safety.	Meta-regressions also explored the relation between change in proportion of saturated fat, polyunsaturated fat, and monounsaturated fat on cardiovascular events.	It involves the covalent attachment of myristate, a 14 carbon saturated fatty acid, to the N-terminal glycine residue of a number of mammalian, viral and fungal proteins.	In a separate study, NPURU scientists looked at a wide range of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids and discovered similar results.	These classic, wholesome grahams are sweetened only with honey and molasses, and contain no saturated fat.	Jews, Weininger argued, are similar, saturated with femininity, with no sense of right and wrong, and no soul.	When the soil is saturated and the depression storage filled, and rain continues to fall, the rainfall will immediately produce surface runoff.	As a lifelong dieter, I firmly believed that saturated fat was the enemy.	Not surprisingly, the BK Veggie Burger has less saturated fat and fewer calories than just about any burger at any chain.	The crystals were separated and the mother liquor of the above reaction was diluted with the dry ether and it was saturated with dry HCl gas.	At least 15 humpback whales were poisoned by eating fish saturated with saxitoxin.	The HMS-PP and PPNCs were saturated in the autoclave under different saturation temperature and pressure, respectively.	As air rises and cools, it eventually becomes saturated and cannot hold its quantity of water vapor.	Techni Print has the unique ability to reclaim almost all of the support material from the saturated solution.	Tocopherol has saturated pyhtyl tail and tocotrienol possesses an unsaturated isoprenoid side chain.	The ideal oil traits identified by the food industry included a higher oleic acid content, lower linolenic acid and lower saturated fat.	The warmer air is forced to rise and if conditions are right becomes saturated, causing precipitation.	Intense competition and overambitious expansion by foreign carriers that rule the market have saturated it, crowding Myanmar carriers out.	An engineered duvet cover, inspired by a man's handkerchief, uses a marled yarn and then overdyes the fabric for a saturated, shimmering look.	Macadamia nuts contain low levels of saturated fats and high levels of monounsaturated fatty acids.	Grube and his associates have saturated saphenous veins with small bits of DNA that mimic a target sequence for the E2F transcription factor.	Effects of saturated monounsaturated and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on plasma lipids, lipoproteins and apoproteins in humans.	Calcium carbonate will react with water that is saturated with carbon dioxide to form the soluble calcium bicarbonate.	Red meat is already high in saturated fat and when it is heated at high temperatures the fat changes to transfats which are cancer-causing.	The saturated fatty acids, palmitic and stearic acid are noteworthy for their strong effects on gene expression.	Due to its high monounsaturated content, it is considered healthier than saturated oils, and is resistant to rancidity.	The advection-diffusion equation is a form of the energy equation for a saturated porous matrix.	In general, the low fertility and cool climate results in relatively slow plant growth, but decay is even slower owing to the saturated soil.	Nitrogen leaching occurs when soil is saturated, a usual condition in traditional flooded paddy fields.	Examples of such renewable dicarboxylic acids are dimethyl suberate, dimethyl sebacate, or dimerized saturated fatty acids.	The technology uses high temperature saturated steam and pressure to denature the infectious proteins and other microorganic disease agents.	Pingos form by the penetration of unfrozen but saturated sands to the surface through a layer of permafrozen ground.	Occasionally the urine becomes saturated with waste products and these can crystallise into stones of varying sizes.	Specials here include macaroons, puits d'amour and baba au rhum, a small yeast cake saturated in hard liquor.	In particular, suborbifolds are images of orbifold embeddings precisely when they are saturated and split.	As for conservative ideology, it is saturated with eschatology.	During the next rainfall event, the infiltration capacity will cause the soil to be saturated at a different rate.	Still, the majority of people believe that saturated fats should be limited and unsaturated fats increased.	Oil spills are also a threat to seabird species, as both a toxin and because the feathers of the birds become saturated by the oil, causing them to lose their waterproofing.	Many damaging insects, including the cutworm and the sod webworm, take advantage of saturated soil to find sources of food and expand their colonies.	The stearic acid is a superior fatty acid, monocarboxylic, saturated.	After walking home in the driving rain, his clothes were saturated.	Although saturated fats have been blamed for a myriad of problems, the kidneys naturally have a high concentration of myristic acid, palmitic acid, and stearic acid.	Fruit and water will be available alongside candy bars and chips with at least half the vending options lower in saturated fat, sugar, and sodium and free of transfats.	The Holocene sediments are porous and completely saturated with sea water.	Hydrocracking, under conditions of extreme temperature and pressure in the presence of a catalyst, converts aromatic molecules into saturated paraffins.	With the beach in a saturated state, backwash velocity is accelerated by the addition of groundwater seepage out of the beach within the effluent zone.	Mysterious, dark legends saturated with fantastic, superreal nature.	Vacuum steam pasteurization is a technology that injects saturated steam under vacuum to supply heat which can be controlled to achieve desired temperature.	Although the market saturated more than 5 years ago, the major structured cabling systems market for the past 20 years has been PC-based Local Area Networks.	The torrential downpour would account for the saturated state of the land.	This allows it to maintain its structural integrity and makes it ideal for filter media papers, latex saturated products, mercerization, and diaper fluff.	The amount of bismuth in the saturated solution was determined spectrophotometrically at 465 nm complexing it with thiourea in nitric acid medium.	These chemicals are also known as C10, C11, and C12 saturated fatty acids.
English	Polish	resilience	sprê¿ystoæ	Of all the evergreen aspects of Wells' classic, perhaps its most enduring message is about the amazing resilience of the human spirit.	Speed, rotation, and lightness figure just as much as strength, resilience, and weightiness.	Strategic resilience builds an ingrained agility that enables a company to be making its future rather than defending its past.	The enemy had not reckoned on the resilience of young Americans, whose grit, loyalty, and mordant humor saw them through the worst.	With regard to internalizing spectrum behavioral problems, many of these children with a history of foster care placement demonstrate resilience.	Bonaparte, however, had never made the mistake of underestimating either the power of religion or the resilience of the Church.	Developing coping skills is one way to facilitate young people's resilience.	However, the losses in market value are distributed unevenly, with some regions showing a surprising resilience to the market upheaval.	Figures released yesterday showed the resilience of consumer spending last month.	The panicky reaction of players at the US Open betrayed their lack of resilience in the face of adversity.	Consumer strength in the second half has been central to the resilience of the overall economy.	Polypropylene is being used more and more widely in the manufacture of carpeting due to its high resilience to wear and stain proof properties.	Their story is one of resilience, despite the most shocking and appalling conditions which they have endured.	The grand final rematch was a defensive scrap with Thornlie showing great resilience to fight back to win by a goal.	The resilience of the economy was in no small measure due to the extra jobs created in the public sector.	Scandium is an element with the resilience of titanium and the light weight of aluminum.	For a man whose playing career was characterised by dogged resilience and bloody-minded determination, the manager cuts a very different figure.	The resilience of its merchant groups in deflecting the European efforts at monopolizing the carrying trade in the Indian Ocean was impressive.	Achieve increased resilience and shape-holding power from setting lotions, mousses and hair sprays.	If all of you have not been bored to death and fallen asleep on the keyboard by now, I really do admire your resilience.	There is something poetic in the way the names roll, evoking notions of pride in unremitting labour, unity in poverty, resilience in hard times.	His unsurpassed resilience to Hollywood's finest voice coaches may get laughs from the critics, but also works in his favour.	Despite strong resilience in fecundity parameters, when snowmelt is extremely delayed breeding success is greatly reduced.	The film valorizes the pioneering spirit, individual resilience and resourcefulness.	However, a surprising resilience and unexpected buoyancy has emerged during the past year.	Stock market optimists point to signs of resilience in the wider US economy, citing stronger than expected consumer confidence figures.	People who lack resilience tend to pin their problems on other people or outside events.	There's also a lot of folly, superstition and craziness, but I like to concentrate on the energy and resilience aspect of it.	They have a resilience and an energy to survive what no other vegetable can endure.	The form of a fold in linen or cotton shows us the resilience or dryness of the fiber, as well as the coldness or warmth of the material.	Unlike desired hyaline cartilage, repair fibrocartilage has diminished resilience and a predilection for deterioration over time.	Publishing in research journals requires fortitude, resilience and persistence.	Day-to-day resilience is as necessary in New York as a wet suit in ice water, in part to deal with fractiousness of the city's own creation.	I think consumer cyclicals make sense because of the resilience of consumers.	Yet many of those 30 million paid subscribers are kids who have glommed on to texting with a remarkable resilience.	This inverse relationship between resistance and resilience is of particular importance in ecotoxicological respect.	There was an almost discernible sigh of relief over evidence of resilience in house prices.	They each have a unique struggle and their own reserves of resilience and humor.	Marvellous resilience by the Killough travellers saw them cling on like leeches, brilliantly grinding out four winning games to record a superb victory.	Building local social connections and informal support is fundamental to preventing child abuse and neglect and to building resilience in children and vulnerable families.	The final pages are devoted to the resilience of her legend.	Almost 200 Californians turned out for tips on how to build resilience.	This summer, the resilience Project will begin accepting DNA samples from individuals around the world.	He put in charge a woman, Rhonda Cornum, who is the poster child for resilience under catastrophic combat stress.	Further studies on these areas will help us to understand better the dialectical relationship between global forces and local accommodation and resilience.	With good growth forecasts, resilience to economic downturns and the prospect of more consolidation, the drinks sector is one to keep on your watch list.	Harding attacked her routines with a resilience and tenacity that reflected her training and upbringing.	The rescue workers showed remarkable resilience in dealing with the difficult conditions.	These people are supernormal in terms of resilience and self-confidence.	Tony Jaa is an utterly brilliant fighter, whose resilience and finesse as a martial-arts master is put to the test in this funny and punch-packed feature.	The very rigorousness and severity of its religious and ethical code of conduct have contributed to its resilience and survival as a minority in all parts of India.	Now is the time to show our courage, to show our resilience, to show the perpetrators of this diabolical act that our spirit is more resolute and determined than ever before.	I am awed by the resilience of these people whose sexual identities are literally a matter of life and death.	Khan received criticism for being knocked down in the second round, but proved his resilience by coming back stronger after this.	Pinter adores women, enjoys flirting with them, worships their resilience and strength.	There is also increasing recognition of the need to increase the resilience of seagrass to the impacts of future environmental change.	As a result, it gives the greatest degree of energy resilience and the energy system is going to electrification.	In closing, resilience is not simply adaptational but can be transformational.	The aim of the project is to strengthen resilience by reintegrating unemployed youth in infrastructure building.	Throughout the next year, the city changed but it's resilience never did.	Biofilms are known for their high level of antimicrobie resistance and resilience to host defense mechanisms.	You at least have to give him full marks for resilience and tenacity.	Duquette says bubblers are neither hydro massage nor therapeutic and doubts the tubs' resilience in the face of bacteria.	By building a new breakwater and extending the slipways, we will improve ferry resilience and lessen the impact of poor weather conditions.	Without doubt one of the best ways to develop grit, self-control, resilience, optimism, joy, and gratitude is to have a camp emersion experience with all its ups and downs.	Here not only strength, but toughness and resilience are important.	The long term viability and resilience of Indigenous communities has been debated by scholars and continues to be a political issue receiving fluctuating media attention.	One of the aims of TACET is to coordinate military training and exercises in the Baltic States and Poland, to provide reassurance and develop capability and resilience.	Resistance, resilience, and patchiness of invertebrate assemblages in native tussock and pasture streams in New Zealand after a hydrological disturbance.	The researchers used IQ as a marker of a concept called cognitive reserve, which refers to variation between people in their brain's resilience to neuropathological damage.	Despite being largely unconsidered in the betting for what was a fair handicap, Rhombus showed bravery and resilience in equal measure to deny Kinema by a head.	Furthermore, Post80s workers actively cultivated career resilience through proactive building of communication networks, or guanxi networks in the Chinese setting.	Following the floods the community set up a Flood Action Group who continue to work on recovery and resilience measures to reduce the risk of future flooding.	The modulus of ultimate resilience of the cold-rolled iron is, however, above 50 per cent.	Determination, resilience and persistence enable great business people to push past their adversities and prevail.	It appeals to Member States to continue to provide all forms of support to the city and boost the resilience of its indigenes.	But they lowered the boom on Ives when he showed any resilience.	Stretched to the limit of their resilience, the nerves act reflexly.	She moves with breathtaking articulateness and the resilience of India rubber, as her solo that opens her new work, Home for the Naked, splendidly proves.	Susser describes a model of resilience amidst socioeconomic deprivation, gender discrimination and the wrong-headedness of HIV denialism and anti-scientism.
English	Polish	distinct	odrêbny	Segmenting the business into three distinct entities should make it more attractive to buyers.	There are only fourteen distinct types of Bravais lattices, and these are associated with seven crystal systems.	Is that not what is what is happening, as distinct from what is being said to happen?	How far have its actions, as distinct from its example, contributed to that end?	Further, this third genus is manifestly different and distinct from the second.	I felt a distinct, self-inflicted pressure to cover the requisite curriculum material.	Are there really two distinct things operating in Medea, her plans and her furious anger?	The Anglo-Saxon futhorc used by Tolkien has 31 distinct characters, some of which have variants.	Changes in cytoarchitectonics are accompanied by a distinct rearrangement of radial glial fibers.	This pragmatistic theory of inquiry embraces a distinct conception of truth.	Three Indian cultures lived in pre-Columbian Nicaragua, each living in a distinct region and speaking an indigenous tongue.	I got the distinct impression that I was pretty much gatecrashing my own birthday party.	We're both nonsmokers, and there was a very distinct smell of cigars about Henri Paul.	And then he caught the distinct smell of a rabbit, and made for the gate, oblivious to the fact that the trail was old.	She pulled her blanket to her chin, wrinkling her nose at its distinct mildew smell, then yanking it down to her feet.	He became first a wavering outline which then solidified, then became more distinct.	Despite snow on the ground, leafless trees and the distinct absence of birdsong one can sense a seasonal change.	His nostrils were filled abruptly with the distinct smell of smoke and burning food.	Traces, not scents, but more like colors he could smell in his head, each distinct and unique.	The burned parts of the etumbu also have a sharp and distinct smell which attracts fish to the trap.	Others give the distinct impression that they no longer fancy being associated with failure.	In the past couple of years, there has been the distinct sense that the genre of Americana is reaching critical mass.	His clothes were wrinkled and I had the distinct impression he slept in them.	However, those who oppose such separate schooling demonstrate a distinct lack of understanding of this issue.	Influenced by scare stories about an imminent invasion, over-reaction is a distinct possibility.	I was also pleased by the distinct lack of annoyingly goofy, stupid characters.	It has now become a distinct possibility that all spaces in the assigned lots would be taken.	One distinct advantage that Streisand had was William Wyler as her director on the film.	What makes this place distinct is the spirit of community, the friendliness, the helpfulness.	Some geminates, however, are clearly more morphologically distinct than others are.	The source of ruling-class opposition was a distinct sector of the class, the landed gentry, and was perfectly rational in basis.	Viewers are repeatedly given indications that there is one, distinct meaning lying behind each image, yet this is a cleverly deceitful ploy.	While there are some very decided similarities, there are some very distinct differences as well.	These weekly recitals are linked by a common aim to show a range of styles belonging to a distinct and separate lineage or gharana.	One key to shoulder training is to think of your front, side and rear deltoids as distinct muscles.	Prostaglandins, especially prostacyclin, are secreted in all veins and have a distinct antiplatelet-aggregating property.	Lateral, posterior and anterior processes are provided with fairly distinct denticulation.	With a sufficient number of distinct line-cross derivates, increasingly complicated models of gene interaction can be tested.	The combined isotopic data suggest derivation of the sediments from at least three distinct crustal source regions.	Rather than simply punching a straight hole down the center of the tube, the machines three distinct internal bore profiles.	However, not everyone knows there are two categories of shot, with two distinct size gradations.	This shield is distinct in scale, materials, and technique from the other heraldic devices in this window.	As the name implies the rust pustules appear as distinct yellow-orange stripes on the leaves.	Geographically isolated populations often have evolved into distinct ecotypes that differ in morphological, life history, or behavioral traits.	A mathematical theorem about diagonals of rectangles might mention two equal and similar triangles which are, nonetheless, distinct.	Granted, they do have a distinct sound, a wide array of musical sounds and edgy lyrics.	Subclinical hyperthyroidism may be a distinct clinical entity, related only in part to Graves' disease or multinodular goiter.	In other words, only an effete man with a distinct lack of self-esteem and character would enter into such an arrangement.	The Great Pyrenees dog conveys the distinct impression of elegance and unsurpassed beauty combined with great overall size and majesty.	There was a distinct groan as the hinges protested and a loud bang as the doors swung fully open.	You use very distinct and textured musical scores that seem to emanate from the actual source.	Her feline sensitive ears could discern a distinct cry coming from each man's mouth.	A distinct pattern is beginning to emerge in the disconnect between the words and deeds of the Administration.	Despite these high correlations, the analysis of discriminant validity shows that these are in fact three distinct constructs.	This is distinct from dishonesty and misconduct, which should not be tolerated.	Thus the three seed components, embryo, endosperm and seed coat, are genetically distinct.	With unrelenting precision and distinct overtones of mockery, Tolstoy dissects the notion that men dictate events.	These two dualities reduce the number of distinct theories from five to three.	It's not like you to belittle legitimate concerns from a distinct ethnocultural space.	If so, it is a completely separate and distinct issue that has nothing to do with this one.	But as he splits, she is separating into two quite distinct parts, slipping out of his control.	Thus the nature of plants is quite distinct from the nature of rocks and sand.	Whilst distinct in terms of research focus, the two projects were theoretically and methodologically similar.	These are two separate, proudly distinct States, and yet both part of what we are happy to call the Union of India.	In philosophy, individuals are defined as entities that are distinct in space and time.	Two tables are distinct individuals because they occupy distinct portions of space, or of time, or of both.	A similar but much less distinct unit separates the middle and upper coccolith limestones.	Notice the full mass on each of these muscles and how each is rock solid with distinct separation.	Both groups of companies operate separately and have totally separate and distinct auditors.	With a grid in place, you roughly break down the garden into distinct spaces.	The problem lies with the girls he chooses, as he shows a distinct preference for beautiful, if slightly gawky, younger women who aren't terribly self-confident.	Arms control and disarmament are distinct from the laws of war.	The genal spine of the very smallest specimens is about as long as the remainder of the cheek, and remains distinct until late in meraspid ontogeny.	Here could be the makings of an authoritarian system of rule distinct from, but genetically related to, the nation's previous experience of plebiscitary power.	As you are discovering, that's a distinct disadvantage on the mate market.	As long as the Lord Chancellor is punctilious in keeping his separate roles distinct, the separation of powers is not undermined and the justice system benefits immeasurably.	The researchers revealed distinct DNA blueprints for each of the 85 varieties of purebreds that were analyzed as well as similarities between certain breeds.	But that is not what makes his work distinct from that of his peers.	The development of purified cardiac glycosides, the active principles of digitalis, has been a distinct step forward in the treatment of diseases of the heart.	The crucial distinction between a discography and a library or manufacturer's catalogue is the critical selection and organization of its information for a distinct purpose.	He goes along with the fooling of Malvolio in deference to his betters, but he gives us the distinct impression that it leaves a nasty taste in his mouth.	He renders poems with pronounced literary value and a distinct aesthetic.	Feel the three distinct heads of each deltoid contract and relax.	The concept of diffusionism, however, and the idea of a historical archetype discernible from distinct and different contemporary practices are increasingly distrusted.	We arrive at the sailing club, and there's a distinct smell around.	What marks them out as distinct also separates them from their neighbours.	He does not interpret these genres as distinct entities, however.
English	Polish	profound	g³êboki	Listening to the orchestra perform these profound works in the Ulster Hall demonstrated once again what fine acoustical properties the hall has.	He was a modest and quiet person with a profound knowledge in most fields of scientific ornithology.	It had some sort of profound effect upon me as later that afternoon I had a wash, including my hair, and changed my underwear.	The implications for long-term funding of welfare and pensions is profound.	The ending of the Cold War has had profound effects upon the philosophy of, and approach to, military logistics.	Several thousand years ago, the rishis of India accessed profound knowledge called the knowledge of life or Ayurveda.	Moreover, the profound antipruritic effect of this drug is an added benefit.	Evidently, Davis had touched upon a story with profound reverberations for our own times.	Secondly, the Anglo-Saxon background and common English language remain of profound importance to the relationship.	I have a profound sense of respect for the inherent qualities of these images and work outward from there.	Pat and his wife, Eva, have a 22-year-old daughter, Lisa, who has a profound disability called Angelman syndrome.	Although there is no evidence that the path has led residents to drive less, it did have a profound effect on their lives.	Stalinist reaction in the USSR had profound implications for the international communist movement.	Koans are profound riddles, used as a form of meditation by some schools of Zen.	However, Paul Nagano's playful yet profound approach to nature and landscape is expressed vividly in every stroke of his watercolor paintings.	Gottlob Frege's writings have had a profound influence on contemporary thought.	The differences are profound and the process workflow usually kept in a spreadsheet, thus its dominance.	The dive leaves me with a profound respect for these beautiful creatures and a new keenness to see them in the wild.	These women rejected their contemporaries' scientific rationalism and positivism in favour of a profound respect for local knowledges.	At every occasion, his personal bearing, his humility, and his profound remarks make you feel that you are in august company.	I find that very profound because there is a great deal of hatred spouted in the name of religion.	The rock paintings, because they are so much harder to read, seem more profound in their strangeness.	By resisting the temptation to be weightily profound, the story succeeds in telling useful truths with a touch of levity.	Among his many mathematical achievements can be included profound discoveries in logic, algebra and differential equations.	It changed him significantly, altered his ideas, and I believe had a profound effect on his best friend Martin.	His profound and crippling melancholy, which cast a poetic shadow and moved me almost as much as his accomplishments.	Boxing is a blood sport that draws a varied mix of society, from profound writers and readers to the ignorant and the illiterate.	And I had something deep and profound to say about drug legalization too, but the bong went out.	Yet it undertakes this task in conditions of profound economic weakness.	First, he has to earn the credentials, then apply them to something more profound and credible than environmentalism and utopian welfarism.	He bought his records on import, and the exclusivity and rareness of the music gave it a profound glamour.	While it may not leave you with many profound truths, I dare you not to fall in love.	This period has witnessed major changes in our diets, lifestyle, and social practices, some of which may be having profound effects on human health.	We often felt, then, a profound sense of alienation from American culture and political life.	Diane touched her pen to her lips, her trademark sign that the guest has just said something deeply profound.	The sequence in the alternate dimension had a profound resonance with me, like I'd experienced similar places in dreams but couldn't quite remember the specifics.	Dyer on a bad day is still more profound, and more polished, than most writers at their effortful best.	Discrete damage to the brain, especially to parts of the interior surface of the temporal lobes of the cerebral hemispheres, can also cause profound anterograde amnesia.	By that I mean that the choice of whether to accept or reject Russell's theory has had profound consequences for our philosophy of language, epistemology, and metaphysics.	The language used is simple yet lilting, and the meaning is profound.	She acknowledges that not everyone back home appreciates the very clear Western influence in her music, but she has profound respect for those who do support her.	Through it, George Eliot spoke with an authority and a generosity that was wise and essential and profound.	But it has mainly been studied in particular patients with profound impairments of memory, despite otherwise normal cognitive ability and intelligence.	While this assertion appears disarmingly simple, it is profound in its implications.	As a result of the breadth of such profound scientific questions, astrobiologists draw heavily on expertise in biology, chemistry, astronomy, and planetary science.	A grove of trees becomes something profound, a sunrise something majestic, an embrace an electric current.	A succession of other events in the summer of 1909 combined to intensify his profound taedium vitae.	On the scale of an erythrocyte, a change in the primary nucleation rates could have profound effects even if macroscopic experiments revealed very little difference.	Accompanying that soul-spelunking is a profound craving for sanctuary, for a feeling of safety Scorpios rarely get to enjoy.	By avoiding excessive reverence, Lucas makes the first appearance of the black mask and costume a moment of profound sadness.	When performed as Bach clearly intended and obviously felt, the Passion induces the most profound emotions that music can give.	The effect of a malapropism is usually humorous, but it can highlight quite profound connections between things.	If a collection of phrases, no matter how beautiful and profound, do not rhyme or scan, then what apart from their layout on the page distinguishes them from prose?	An epic journey of the individual in an unfathomable universe, the tale offers profound characterizations backdropped with astute philosophical motifs.	Fibromyalgia is a chronic musculoskeletal illness of wide-spread pain and profound fatigue.	In this vast emptiness and profound tenebrosity, no images could be formed.	Josiah Harlan was a pacifist, abstemious Pennsylvania Quaker stricken with a profound case of wanderlust.	Swedenborg himself did not call for a new organization, but for profound theological reform for the existing churches.	Its spiralling cycle of prosperity, demand and production had a profound influence on overseas trade.	The end of the war, however, was to cause profound change in Bermuda, though some of those changes would take decades to crystallise.	Greene had a history of depression, which had a profound effect on his writing and personal life.	Blavatsky had a profound impact on pioneer geometric artists like Hilma af Klint and Wassily Kandinsky.	His works were the object of his profound and constant study, and supplied in fact the mould in which his whole philosophy was cast.	Popper's rejection of Marxism during his teenage years left a profound mark on his thought.	This behaviour had a profound and irreversible effect on the substrate which transformed the seabed ecosystems.	Still, depending on the formation of the chitin matrix, this can have varying profound effects on the formation of the goethite crystals.	To the Welsh people, who had long ceased to believe that they had it in them, it was a profound shock.	Loss of the habitat and nutrients provided by kelp forests leads to profound cascade effects on the marine ecosystem.	What was previously a kelp forest becomes an urchin barren that may last for years and this can have a profound effect on the food chain.	If you dont have a profound understanding of where the hot spots are, you just overchill everything, Mr. Brouillette said.	The stars conjure profound images of the place of a single man, no matter how heroic, in the perspective of the entire cosmos.	They argue that the original 'human revolution' theory reflects a profound Eurocentric bias.	In this way, issues of identity and politics can have profound effects on language structure.	Ned acquired the rudiments of orthography, geometry, piscatology, a phrase or two of French, and a profound loathing for the Classics.	Adams divides pleasing lacewings into two subfamilies, based on profound differences in male claspers.	However, income inequality was profound between city and countryside, especially between whites and blacks.	And with this, and a profound bow to his patrons, the Manager retires, and the curtain rises.	The early modern period was characterized by profound changes in many realms of human endeavor.	The influence of the Articles on Anglican thought, doctrine and practice has been profound.	In the secular context, Canadian law underwent a profound change in regards to homosexuality.	Democracy and republicanism would grow to have a profound effect on world events and on quality of life.	Its language, imagery and stories had a profound and lasting effect on his writing.	Joseph Mallard Turner had a profound, if scatophiliac, attraction to fire at sea.	The plague created a series of religious, social, and economic upheavals, which had profound effects on the course of European history.	They were labouring under a profound, and, as it might have seemed, an almost incurable ignorance.	Roman culture had a profound effect on the Celtic tribes which came under the empire's control.	Beneath the surface, they had profound and lasting influence on geothermal heat and the patterns of deep groundwater flow.	Mury, however, frounced her brows, and made Sir Tyke Winchap's niece a profound courtesy behind her back.	A fundamental feature expressed by the vast majority of cytokines is a profound immunomodulatory activity.	These events, together with the Conscription Crisis of 1918, had a profound effect on changing public opinion in Ireland.	The British showed a more profound interest in sports, and in greater variety, than any rival.	The southern districts have for some years experienced profound change due to European funding.	However, by the time Byrd died in 1623 the English musical landscape was undergoing profound changes.	Rohr's best observations are always aphoristic and incisive, reflecting not mere intellectual cleverness, but profound contemplative experience.	Late King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz, the sixth king of Saudi Arabia, had a profound impact on the Saudi economy and oil policy.	A call center experience can have a profound and lasting impact on an individual's satisfaction and loyalty.	Locke exercised a profound influence on political philosophy, in particular on modern liberalism.	The reclining figure was to have a profound effect upon Moore's work, becoming the primary motif of his sculpture.	Camerairism reflects a structural change more profound than Butskellism ever did.	Holm developed a reputation within Hollywood circles for tempestuousness and being a profound pain in the neck.	Hinduism underwent profound changes, aided in part by teachers such as Ramanuja, Madhva, and Chaitanya.	For someone later revered as a spiritual savior, Jesus' ministry showed a profound connection with bodiliness and the earth.	Another important finding by researchers is that the double mutant rrrbrb pea line had the most profound reduction in the constituent legumin.	The resulting vast expansion of territory and the flows of South American silver to Castile had profound long term effects on Spain.	This led him to a more profound and significant general formulation of quantum mechanics than was achieved by any other worker in this field.	Her point seems to be more about branding and territorialization than about any profound methodological difference.	For after that initiation it was impossible to attach any profound importance to the notion of dying. All individual deaths had been resumed by the death of God!	A profound interest in genealogy and family history is noted as a feature of the culture of the Celtic nations and regions and people with a Celtic heritage.	No one else who ate the curried mutton made at the Strakers' house that evening suffered any ill effects, but Hunter was in a profound stupor well into the next day.	The discovery and utilization of fire, a simple energy source with many profound uses, was a turning point in the technological evolution of humankind.	The informational role of professional certification has profound implications for markets, yet little is known empirically how professional certifiers behave and compete.	On neurological examination she had profound bilateral weakness of the lower limbs, hypertonia, hyperreflexia, a positive Babinski sign and a T6 sensory level.	Some stories reach deeper, into the most primal and profound truths. They mirror, in new and original ways, the Ur-myth, the act of creation itself.	Reconciling profound enquiry with clearness, and truth with novelty.	There are moments of profound existential angst, howls of despair at the absurd futilities of war and a sneering disgust at the soul-destroying wastage of human potential.	From a problems perspective, the challenges faced by distressed African American families as they emerge from the crack era are profound and complex.	It was called the Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act, perhaps not the snappiest of titles, but went on to have a profound effect on many people.	Of the profound corruption of this class there can be no doubt.	Killer whales are apex predators throughout their global distribution, and can have a profound effect on the behavior and population of prey species.	These essays offer key insights into an area where the gap in the literature is exceptionally profound, namely the experiences of Aboriginal and racialized female athletes.	Studies show that the elimination of barriers to migration would have profound effects on world GDP, with estimates of gains ranging between 67 and 147 percent.	Treatment with alemtuzumab rapidly produces a profound lymphopenia.	The difficulty in the way of giving an answer is a profound one.	In the 3rd century, Roman Britain underwent profound changes.	His profound lyricism and ideological courage has inspired many Armenian poets, the likes of Ghevond Alishan, Smbat Shahaziz, Hovhannes Tumanyan, Ruben Vorberian and others.	This liturgical action becomes a profound and concrete witness to Apostolic Succession, ecclesial unity, and the operation of the Holy Spirit in each local Body of Christ.	The decline was most profound in Denmark, Finland and Iceland.	However, the Renaissance had a profound effect on contemporary theology, particularly in the way people perceived the relationship between man and God.	The war had profound consequences in the health of soldiers.	Ravines profound as night lie near the castled hills, in which all manner of noxious things swarm and multiply.	Yugoslavia looks upon the developing East-West choreography with a profound lack of interest.	Yet this feebleness, profound, insurmountable, was what caused his torments of jealousy.	The driver awoke with a start from profound reverie, looked Kirkwood over, and bowed with gesticulative palms.	As the disease progresses the hebetude becomes more profound and is overcome with greater difficulty.	In a time of profound peace, the expedition of argal was directed against it.	The Asmonean royalty, nevertheless, was always distracted by profound interior vices.	Reputed for high literary, calligraphic, and artistic skill, he also possessed a profound knowledge of politics.	Everything was hired, and the mercenaries in attendance were profound strangers to me.	The silence was profound, but shaken now and then by a grumble of distant thunder.	At this point the contrast with the Hellenistic mystery religions is profound.	A look of profound alarm came upon Mrs. Cinch's face, and she glanced at the Rev. Mr. groaner.	There was a round of suppressed laughter in the dark, for Seor de las Cuevas inspired all the sea-folk with profound respect.	There is profound collapse, the features are sunken, the skin moist and cyanosed.	Oh, nymph, who quittest now this grot profound, To admire the greatest king of all kings round.	He listened in a stillness of dread which resembled the immobility of profound attention.	In what a profound philosophy was it, then, that Diogenes rolled his tub about the streets!	South looked upon Sherlock with profound scorn as a sciolist, and hated him most cordially as a heretic and a political renegade.	Alice sat in an attitude of profound repose, with the long brown lashes drooping over her eyes.	The merry scholar had never dreamed that there was boiling lava, furious and profound, beneath the snowy brow of AEtna.	Why this should be so is one of the most profound problems of biology.
English	Polish	sassy	impertynencki	He couldn't figure how sensibly clothed, satirical, sarcastic, sassy Jo had come from this hippy woman standing in front of him.	It seems trite to refer to this band as sassy or streetwise or sophisticated because that's what everybody says.	Snappy, sassy, citrusy, and gingery, it's an enchanting white wine, sensational with seafood.	Their music is an inspired secret collusion of big beats, sassy rapping and peskily unsettling electro hooks.	To make things worse, two sarcastic and sassy FBI agents are also hot on Ford's trail.	For no particular reason I thought it maybe was time for the clans to rally round and attack the sassy Sassenachs south of the border.	In an interview once, Michelle said that Malia, her older, quieter child, took after her, while sassy little Sasha was pure daddy's girl.	Though she gave a sharp, sassy performance, she was upstaged by the ample curves of Marilyn Monroe.	We experience colour as feelings, and vivid colours can make you feel sassy, wild and energised.	She manages a brash, confident, and sassy manner that works well in the part, but is not overdone to the point of being unwelcome.	Taureans can be as wild and sassy, bad and brilliant, fast and smart as anyone when they care to.	Pop songs sung by female teen vocalists became associated with sassy dance moves and flashy midriffs.	Stylish V-necks, crew necks and turtlenecks will all look great under a sassy suit.	She took a few sassy steps forward and then stopped in the middle of the space between them all.	But being the smart, sassy psychology student Ashton now is, he starts poking around, and soon people start dying.	This sassy St-Jovite resident has been teaching cons their Ps and Qs for close to nine years now.	Is there a sassy but kindly Black female lawmaker who lives next door the quartet, speaking sense to men and not taking no guff?	She was career-orientated, she was smart, she was sassy and confident.	Hazel is an English rose who is graceful, elegant and sassy.	Smart and sassy becomes smarmy and crass at the touch of the middlebrow.	Her vocals are alternately sassy, playful and scolding, though they always retain a composure that makes them more detached than outrightly emotional.	The actress has a new movie coming out called Gloria, in which she is a leggy gangster's moll who suddenly has to take care of a sassy, streetwise kid.	However, the sassy, unchivalrous character built over the long years of struggle seems to have weakened the DPP's ability to adapt to its new role as a ruling party.	Girls will be enticed by the sweet-as-sugar-candy bras, camis, hipster boy shorts and strings, and sassy sleepwear mix and match in peppermint, lilac, hot raspberry and pink.	The sassy combination of so-called stripper music and Cabaret show tunes suits the big chestnut mare, who seemed to visibly strut and swagger through her routine.	The best ongoing question concerns the sassy, homeless Teena, portrayed hilariously by Ariana Ruckle.	Now that she's headed back to Beirut, she's ready to get her sassy heels clacking to prepare for her new album.	Haggle, harangue and be sassy and you'll walk away with a deal that's good enough to protect you from the scythe of Grim Depreciator.	Prestigious food critic Ramsey Michel makes a reservation and Carl excitedly plans a new tasting menu with sous chef Tony, line cook Martin and sassy hostess Molly.	Set your sassy style with a few spritzes of stronghold hairspray.	She then poses as a sassy secretary to tell off her lover before transforming into a wild waitress in the Womanizer video, directed by music guru Joseph Kahn.	My work is more important than having to wipe the noses of three loudmouthed sassy cadets!	I thought I'd shipped a man, but I see 'twas only a sassy baby.	Pretty soon he got so sassy that nobody could live with him.	Why, you little sawed-off, dried-up, sassy son of a sea cook!	Now if you wil-lin', an' ENT too lazy an' sassy, we 'll git 'long somehow.	These days she could even bring enough classy sassy style to The Locomotion without anyone in the audience feeling the slightest prickle of embarrassment run down their backs.
English	Polish	contempt	pogarda	That kind of negligence shows clear contempt for our generation's wants and needs.	My voice was flat and expressionless, edged with steel and contempt for my enemy.	But does misandry even exist? Is there a difference between individual hatred and a contempt that underlies centuries of discrimination?	Unlike those who are rallying behind the president, Vidal retains his withering contempt for the man.	The political system, riddled with corruption, is held in increasing public contempt.	They were accused of a whitewash, and the voters expressed their contempt at the ballot box.	Civil contempt at common law consists largely in disobeying a judgment or a court order.	Who wants to be exposed to public ridicule and contempt as part of their job description?	Routine acquittals of obviously guilty people would quickly breed contempt for the law.	Louts who dumped rubbish on a war memorial are beneath contempt, says an army veteran.	The true secularist's distrust of the 'order of prophecy' can turn his indifference towards religion into actual disdain and contempt.	Since November 2, the withering contempt of liberals for ordinary Americans has been astonishing.	Not only is Jimmy adulterous, alcoholic, womanizing, and guilty of incest, he has astonishing contempt for his wife.	It's better to be able to figure out who the kooks are by their own words, so that one may treat them with the cold contempt they deserve.	He is wretched, weak, ugly, inspiring contempt and disgust in not only all the supposedly good-hearted characters but also the reader.	Frederick, a bisexual misanthrope in a childless, political marriage, was a lapsed Calvinist who held all religions in contempt.	Nevertheless, enforcing contempt orders against stubborn journalists has been self-defeating for law enforcers.	This party was strongly oriented toward syndicalism and viewed the international conflict over program and principles with contempt.	The prime minister's open display of contempt for democratic accountability has only deepened the revulsion felt towards him.	Rather, all this, in my opinion, is an expression of contempt for our environment and against the people in Galgate and Ellel.	Punishment is administered not by burning at the stake but by ridicule and contempt in the media.	In this day and age it is hard to believe that people can be held up to hatred, ridicule and contempt by a light-hearted gossip paragraph.	This vile display shows a contempt for all the rules of warfare, and all the bounds of civilized behavior.	Since a man has been charged with that murder, the short film clip risked running foul of the law on contempt of court.	Watch out for scorn, sarcasm, ridicule and contempt and inappropriate humour.	They are cheap, tawdry politicians not worthy of anything other than contempt.	Yet he struggled with contempt for his social background and deficient education.	The first five were friends from school teasing him in fun or scorning him with contempt.	He described the article as a scurrilous attack on the personal character of a judge, which may constitute a contempt of court.	Indirect questions about masturbation yield contempt for even raising the subject.	No matter how good his material is, the audience wear him down with a mixture of catatonia and contempt.	The destruction of the Dutch fleet at Camperdown only confirmed the contempt felt in Paris for the ineffectiveness of the Batavians.	This arrogant contempt for our local town and parish councils by Bradford shows that you cannot serve two masters.	They hold the foreigners in contempt, calling them aliens and capering about in a pathetic attempt to feel superior.	The primary methods of enforcement on the breach of injunctive orders are committal for contempt and sequestration of assets.	Nor was he much better behaved towards Penny, whom he bullied and whose husband he treated with contempt.	They really were expressions of contempt and rebellion toward what his peers regarded as holy.	Lastly, the hatred and contempt of the past two millennia add a formidable barrier to authentic communication.	They can hold people in contempt of court, and when litigants consent, magistrate judges can preside at civil jury trials.	The boys looked at Will in mock horror and disgust, moving away from Will ever so slightly in supposed contempt.	How tragic is this modish contempt for the past and obsession with the sensation of the present.	I am satisfied to the criminal standard of proof that the wife wilfully breached the orders in question and I find her to be in contempt of those orders.	The President and his party are making their contempt all too clear to white working-class voters.	Indeed Taubira, in particular, has been a lightning rod for opposition contempt.	To compound it, Rice then treats her limp form with what appears to be cold contempt.	I never knew that the judge could sentence me to prison for contempt of Court, unless I answered all the blackguardly questions about the Masters.	It is behaviour of such abject venality as to be almost beneath contempt.	His contempt for judges and politicians was so absorbing that I read the book in two sittings.	They shares certain characteristics, notably an indiscriminate worship of business and moneymaking, a belief in the power of the media, and a contempt for the left.	The wildly anarchic chaos created by the Marx Brothers at their best was a breath of fresh air, and their contempt for authority figures struck a chord with Milligan.	Fortunately, they are drawn from a pathetic preterite far beneath the contempt of our cultural elite.	His adoration, like a jealous lover's, is only rhetorically distinguishable from contempt.	Her Mormon boyfriend, stricken with guilt, takes her to meet his bishop, where they jointly receive holy contempt.	Second, if familiarity breeds contempt, anonymous familiarity seems to fuel it even more.	Arguably it was this contempt for the top brass, more than anything, which was to save the world from a rain of death.	But amidst society's contempt and mockery, young people built a movement strong enough to make Congress realize the practicality of lowering the voting age.	She slept with them even though they treated her with contempt.	He gestured to Straeger, who was looking so disdainfully at her that Voelker could feel the withering contempt radiating from him as though he were telepathic himself.	Their contempt for those they lorded it over never diminished.	It arose from the puritans' custom of wearing their hair cut close round their heads, like apprentices, who shortened their hair to demonstrate their contempt for lovelocks.	Hortense has long been shrouded in mystery and critical contempt, in part because so little is known about her.	He feels that wealthy people view him with contempt because he is poor.	Dennis was convicted of criminal contempt for failing to appear before the Committee on UnAmerican Activities of the House of Representatives.	The others took the Fifth Amendment and were later jailed for contempt of Congress.	Wesley also regarded the contempt with which he and his group were held to be a mark of a true Christian.	The office fell into some contempt before Southey, but took on a new lustre from his personal distinction and that of Wordsworth and Tennyson.	Until the early 1960s, Baker was the only male lead in the British cinema who managed to suggest contempt, aggression and the working class.	For example, a court's contempt powers arise sui generis and not from statute or rule.	Kindly note that your trial is resumed, and further contempt will not be allowed to go unpurged.	My Warholian burst of fame came as part of the CIA leak case in which I was in contempt of court for not revealing sources.	For example, an Employment Tribunal is an inferior court of record for the purposes of the law of contempt of court.	The verie names of Goodnesse and innocentie, are for this respect in some sort names of contempt.	That virtue is called bravery which contains greatheartedness and a lofty contempt of pain and death.	Always reading her I feel a faint contempt and yet an equally faint jokiness prevails.	He had rather a contempt for demonstrative people, arising from his medical insight into the consequences to health of uncontrolled feeling.	While some Yanks treated contrabands with a degree of equity or benevolence, the more typical response was indifference, contempt, or cruelty.	The Attorney General applied for an order for contempt of court against the New Statesman.	He protests the war in Vietnam, but looks with contempt on the hate-filled pseudoradicals who preach the politics of violence.	The resulting proceeding remains the only contempt proceeding and only criminal trial in the Court's history.	The court's summary punishment for contempt immediately overrides all other punishments applicable to the subject party.	Age looks with anger on the temerity of youth, and youth with contempt on the scrupulosity of age.	What about contempt? Isn't it used by the judiciary as a stick to dissuade people from writing or talking about them?	That day Papal troops besieged the city while the Florentines, with contempt of the enemies, decided to play the game notwithstanding the situation.	The Captain has a hearty contempt for his father, I can see, and calls him an old put, an old snob, an old chaw-bacon, and numberless other pretty names.	The defendant couldn't compose herself and was found in contempt.	To the strength and fierceness of barbarians they added a contempt for life, which was derived from a warm persuasion of the immortality and transmigration of the soul.	Butler has been betrayed, Maudling insulted, Macleod ignored, Heath treated with contempt, and Hailsham giggled out of court by the jester in hospital.	The coverup continues even after Holder was held in contempt of Congress.	The word reflected the mixture of condescension, contempt and fear the Greeks and Romans had for those who did not share their civilisation or values.	Other than in their contempt for Trinitarian Christians, the Arian Visigoths were largely uninterested in the religious creeds within their kingdom.	The Suda says only that he lived in the times of Marcus Aurelius, but the contempt with which he speaks of Commodus, who died in 192, shows that he survived that emperor.	A federal appeals court on Wednesday upheld a contempt of court citation against an email service provider used by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden.	He took in the situation at a glance and dismissed Bobadilla almost with contempt.	Kala is as nearly as possible barbarian, and has a connotation of contempt.	Besides, I never felt contempt for anything to which the gods had given life.	This he does vilely, and earns not only the contempt of his brethren, but the amused scorn of the Briton.	For all these reasons they despised the Corinthians, and made no secret of their contempt.	He took it and cast it back to me in abhorrence and contempt, with all the strength he could muster.	He had so little contempt for his foe that he practised a blighting caution.	In my contempt for vulgarised and conventionalised honour I had forgotten that for me there was such a reality as honour.	When, after the offertory, Pierre uncovered the chalice he felt contempt for himself.	She held me in contempt, and yet she clung to me, patiently and unmurmuring.	Mary Louise regarded the hotelkeeper with contempt, thinking again how stingy he was.	What the definer really intends here is, that the pain arises from the belief of being treated with contempt.	It was with visible reluctance and ill-disguised contempt that Wilkins served them.	In spite, however, of contempt, the impudence of this Frenchman half angered him.	But he did not conceal an immense and sceptical contempt for the whole business.	As for the plodding, inky sycophants who fawned upon Mr. Cray's informativeness, Michael regarded them with horror and contempt.	Silver, even, would be treated with contempt, and there would be a scramble for gold.	There was danger that the prophets would be brought into disrepute and contempt.	An expression of contempt curled Rose's lip, as she glanced at Ella, and thought of being outshone by her dollish figure and face.	In earning the contempt of others he had not saved himself from self-contempt.	My failure to run him through in that moment of jeopardy inspired him with a contempt of my swordplay.	Everything Saxon was vile, and the word 'Englishry' implied as much contempt and scorn as the word 'Irishry' in a later age.	Mere contempt for toadyism and flunkeyism was not at all times the prevailing motive with him which he supposed it to be.	It is his business to familiarise himself with facts, and, as we all know, the path from familiarity to contempt is an easy one.	But, as Dr. Durkheim says, man and wife might soon abandon each other, if familiarity breeds contempt.	The cutting contempt of Mrs. James W. Colton's remark was fire-extinguisher sufficient for that night.	And, lastly, the liquorice dance, which expresses an extraordinary contempt for that foodstuff.	He had that contempt for all dallying and toying and lightness and frivolousness that hard, serious workers always have.	The work was laborious, the remuneration small, and gauger was a name of contempt.	He has an utter contempt for dull men and timid or half-measure men, and he scorns Whigs even more than Tories.	Lauriston snapped his fingers and shrugged his shoulders in contempt of duty.	He was a big blue-eyed fellow, full of fun and fight, with a good natured contempt of the dagoes, and was a born leader.	He explains the enormity of the offence described in this sloka to consist in the contempt of Court.	She said this with the contempt which Marcello's extreme youth deserved.	This will but aggravate her sufferings and expose her to contempt.	Return me not this with contempt, or torn, or unanswered, I beseech you.	I asked, feeling at the moment a contempt for this blaspheming coward.	But he braved the storm, smiling upon them his ineffable contempt.	Plimsoll shot a look of contempt at butch, making the proposal.	There is no speech in the world so rancorous and so stinging as the language the Jungle People use to show scorn and contempt.	Where he thinks a contempt due, he pays it to the uttermost.	That's their way of showing their contempt for conventionality.	He declared that no opposition, derision, or contempt, should daunt him.	Salvatore thought him such a fool, held him in such contempt!	The contempt he did not trouble to dissemble served but to goad them on.	Elsa looked at him with a strange mixture of sadness and contempt.	A full and equable contempt would soon do away with that, too.	His name is now rarely mentioned, except with contempt or execration.	I think, in this case, it must be that familiarity breeds contempt.	Wobbler, a foot soldier, a term of contempt used by cavalrymen.	Roxana's bosom was heaving with suppressed passion, and she was glowering down upon him with measureless contempt written in her face.	I can bear with you, but I cannot bear the contempt that your treating me in the way you do, brings upon me from others every day.	In him grew a majestic contempt for those strings of street cars that followed him like intent bugs.	A breed of silken creatures lurk and thrive In your contempt.	Seeing a fact which you mistakenly consider deserving of contempt, you refuse to take a humane view of a fellow creature.	He looked him over, with open contempt, from bald head to splayed feet.	The senator shrugged his shoulders with ill-disguised contempt.	Stryker managed to infuse into his tone a deal of suspicious contempt.	A look of anger and insufferable contempt was all Trover's reply.
English	Polish	vocation	powo³anie	And maybe you'll have some energy left over to indulge your avocation until it can become your vocation.	I have traversed five years of university to decide that academia is my probable vocation.	True, medicine is a vocation, it's a calling, but let's be honest, it's also a day-to-day job.	Viewed as a calling or a vocation, scholarship has an inevitably vexed relation to institutional life.	His designs are shot through with recollection and homage, sentiment and a love of architecture, legacy and vocation.	This once-prestigious vocation has fallen on hard times, and for most now conjures little more than hierarchical abuse and sexual repression.	The company was founded in 1976 by Jess Briley, by vocation a machinist and oil field engineer, by avocation a competitive skeet shooter.	More than a few antiques dealers start out as indefatigable collectors who make the decision to turn their avocation into a vocation.	She then got a job in telesales selling advertising space for newspapers and airtime for radio, and discovered her vocation.	Part of a doctor's vocation is to tend the sick with care and conscientiousness.	It implies an intent to participate in a profession in a manner befitting that vocation.	As a shoeshine boy in the French Quarter, he begged paint and brushes from local street artists, which led him to his vocation.	Perhaps baldness has its privileges, or maybe I just selected the wrong vocation.	He was highly esteemed in the fashion world, but his real vocation was fulfilled in the evening hours.	He discovered his vocation when, after receiving his degree in engineering, he went to Vietnam for a year and joined a group of Salesians whose calling is education.	Here is a figure who rose from obscurity to create masterworks with the greatest musical mind of all time. Here is a poet who abandoned his vocation to sell tobacco.	Second, what is the role of the episcopacy in our vocation as Anglicans for the larger Church?	At a gathering of nuns in Washington in 1979, he ordered the sisters to dress in proper religious garb and to remember their true vocation as acquiescent helpers.	In some cases the bishop puts pressure on them to apply for laicization, even though they protest their innocence and ardently desire to live out their vocation as priests.	At the same time, the strong industrial vocation of the region has not suffered.	Je me souviens tres bien que c'est en ecoutant un orchestre qu'est nee a l'age de huit ans ma vocation de musicien.	In the film, this man is the fictional Michael Kovak, an affable seminarian who doubts his vocation and suffers from weak faith.	Academics' understanding of time, pedagogical pleasure, vocation, and collegiality have been cited as possible ways of alleviating such problems.	Family, friends, religious order, spouse, children, coworkers, and others form a horizon of subjects establishing a multivocal vocation for the person.	The existing archaeological sites like the Temple of the Sun and Moon and the city of Chan Chan demonstrate the cities vocation of cultural capital.	Yet there is little hint in this set of essays of the trauma or soulsearching with regard to the idea of vocation that this decline has induced in certain other contexts.	Ces discours menacent de perdre leur capacite a decrire le droit positif, leur aptitude a produire de la connaissance juridique et leur vocation a theoriser le droit.	All education, all training, must be considered in its bearing on the one vocation, homemaking.	But every man to his vocation, and that of Norman Macleod was the therapeutics of religion.	They tell me that I have missed my vocation, that I ought to have been a saleslady.	Like most of his vocation, he was sparing of speech, and epigrammatic after his fashion.	And mony, mony mair were coming and ganging, a' as busy in their vocation as if they had been alive.	Impelled by a vocation, by a sentiment of art, they endeavor again and again to live by sentiments which society as incessantly materializes.	What with women and wine and the excitement of his vocation, a man could afford to rest now and then.	Elsewhere in this volume the slanderous aspersion has been disproved, that the vocation of whaling is throughout a slatternly, untidy business.	Certainly I could, if I held it the highest vocation of the novelist to represent things as they never have been and never will be.	Longfellow's main vocation was away from the turmoils of the hour.	The Oratorians would have liked Walter to join them, but he sees championing Lewis and compiling his writing as his main vocation.	I wish I had had a Kodak for the little smile with which Raffles shook his head, for it was one that he kept for those great moments of which our vocation is not devoid.
English	Polish	relentless	bezwzglêdny	Then attention shifted to a relentless focus on levels of government spending on public services.	She deftly defeats those who dare challenge her with a relentless intensity.	The pandemic continues its relentless spread about 14 000 people are infected each day.	The relentless boredom, fear and frustration hung over her head like a black storm cloud.	Consider the shoppers you know who are relentless in their pursuit of a deal.	He was relentless, some said ruthless, and it made him one of the toughest prosecutors in the state.	Instead he plays figurehead to perfection, based on a huge, relentless and ruthless spin team.	He became a relentless traveller, sparing no continent and few countries in quest of subjects and themes.	Still she continued on relentless as I did everything I could to fight back and not beg for mercy.	Yet, it has still managed to amass a huge amount of cash and a reputation as an aggressive and relentless competitor.	The grapefruit-sized tumor was zapped with chemotherapy, radiation and relentless courage.	In three weeks, 60,000 men were lost through cold, hunger and relentless attacks.	She has an air of American pragmatism that complements her relentless determination to succeed and rise above her class.	Some recent changes have been of the kind that make you wish time's arrow could be less relentless.	Now in an effort to dispel their relentless anorak image the group has taken to handing out flyers with jokes, m'lud, against lawyers.	We ape the worst of tabloid titillation in a relentless downward drive of tacky exploitation.	Monarchs disputed successions and made political marriages in a relentless campaign for empire.	At least here he had some protection from the wind, the relentless, tearing wind that whipped him so viciously whenever the opportunity arose.	But those who are relentless, grim, and heavy-handed about this deserve some back talk.	And they're the most obvious sign of the West's relentless tentacles reaching into Angola today.	We've had the relentless drive to increase the numbers in tertiary education, irrespective of the ability of students or universities to cope.	Undeterred, he had himself crowned as Robert I in 1306 and, thenceforth, fought a relentless war against England.	Surrounded by dozens, she danced alone, eyes closed, her body feeling the pounding throb of the relentless bass beat.	The book is a bit relentless in its melancholy tone, with few moments of joy or triumph for the characters.	The relentless passing style of 'tiki-taka' became Barcelona's trademark towards the end of the last decade.	Under the protective shield provided by the central bank, the US financial system has became tilted toward relentless expansion.	Staff appointments followed in relentless sequence as he inched his way up the ladder of seniority.	The deeper horror in this book is the relentless nature of trauma and the toll it takes on those who witness its seismic effects.	Here she's at her best, in a part that requires her to be tough and crude, a relentless force of pure ego.	The basic tee is renowned for its relentless work in the promotional trenches as a giveaway item.	The relentless energy and fury of the Allegro non troppo recalled the Scherzo of Shostakovich's Tenth Symphony.	But increasing money prices are unavoidable when the money supply is subject to relentless growth.	His music videos are heavy draws on YouTube, and he's a relentless Tweeter.	Despite their ugly appearance, their bodies are ideally shaped for relentless running down of prey.	He is one of the most single-minded and obsessive sportsmen in the world, utterly intent upon relentless success.	Live, the four piece are a brooding mixture of visceral, post-punk textures and relentless motorik rhythms.	It's a good job I have a thick skin is all I can say, the abuse was substantial and relentless.	Where the 2001 movie caused tears to well up in my eyes, this movie left me cold and unmoved, even though its manipulation is relentless.	It comes at the end of a relentless, unremitting cross examination of Wilde by Carson.	It is a relentless satire on the town's citizens, who are depicted as upstarts clambering up the social ladder despite their patent inadequacy.	He's effective because he is technically sound and relentless when chasing the ball.	At the same time, Western artists are exacting and relentless in their pursuit of historical verisimilitude.	Her working life is a relentless grind, just as it is for many working people.	He is the godfather of the settlement movement, a butcher and the master of a brutal and relentless occupation.	Similarly, the river is facing relentless encroachment and severe pollution due to inflow of huge amounts of sewage from the habitations.	It is a story of determination over great odds, strokes of luck and relentless love.	After the relentless ossification of the Post-Modern era, things are beginning to stir again.	Dave is a student of the culture, and he's a relentless listener to democracy.	For our own culture, steeped as it is in the relentless pursuit of personal pleasure and endless cheer, that message is worth heeding.	Its best sequences, involving sirens, an ice-bound ship and a giant octopus, are great fun and the pace is relentless.	The entire relationship turns into a game of guess-my-mood, a relentless exercise in codependency.	The rain is an obvious metaphor for oppression and relentless torment, for Davidson himself and his persecution of others.	Popular culture is decadent and degenerate, and we're doomed as a civilisation to a relentless decline into inauthentic, commercialised pap.	We remain indivisible despite their attempts to divide Americans through their relentless warfare against class, ethnic and religious unity.	It is an intensely insecure profession, pursued under the glare of a relentless media.	Today was her day off from her relentless study as a graduate student at the conservatoire.	In her book, Cheryl is a vociferous critic of her treatment by journalists, accusing us of relentless intrusion into her privacy.	We need some of their traditional ruthless, relentless, iron-fisted spirit.	There was no relentless build up to their polling day, it came and went practically unnoticed.	My pupils contracted painfully from the relentless fluorescence of the lights above.	It conveys an inhuman and relentless force that could well symbolize a very unattractive futurist society as well as the horror of war.	But in the midst of this relentless repression, there were rare, precious gems of resistance gleaming out from the melancholy.	The answer must be no, but again the impression of profound thought and relentless sifting of the ideas can only inspire respect.	It's the relentless, mind-numbing repeat tasks that drive me up the wall, and sometimes I can't even be bothered to crawl back down again.	This relentless rectilinearity is not presented as an underlying metaphysical reality, as in a Mondrian abstraction.	They had the ability to remorselessly pursue their quarry at a relentless pace, regardless of the mid-day sun.	England was an ally and they couldn't hold out for too much longer if the Jerries kept up the relentless bombing.	More in the crowd ask for food and water as the sun continues to cover the area with relentless heat.	Despite the relentless Mamluk pressure, Kitbuqa continued to rally his men.	The metal construction of the cells and the lack of windows exacerbates their airlessness in a tropical heat which is relentless, all year round.	The cells were about the size of a king-size mattress, made of mesh and metal, exposed to the relentless tropical heat, with no air conditioning.	Individuals with this form of neuropathy experience severe, relentless leg pain that is worse at night.	But after this record's relentless reign of joy, even the most carefree individuals may feel like frowning, just to make sure they still can.	He followed her, settling his weight on top of her in a most possessive way and not allowing her any room to escape from his relentless pursuit.	So he searched, and sought shelter from this relentless heat, bearing in mind the past.	Pearson was singled out for the relentless demands that he put on his people.	It seemed he would never escape the relentless torture of being forced to choose a bride.	I never really knew a lot about her, only what the media dished out, and to tell you the truth I got tired of the relentless hounding and intrusion into her private life!	This madness is the implacable and relentless determination to kill insight and awareness, even at the expense of destroying the island they depend on.	Nothing illustrates this more tangibly than his relentless campaign against modern architecture.	The fear of drawing attention to themselves was constant and relentless.	Football has continued its relentless march into cricket's strongholds.	The movie's pace is as relentless and implacable as its villain.	His light, endearing style simply isn't right when it comes to the depths of despair and the relentless pain of a life no longer felt to be worth living.	The relentless spread of disease in central Africa contrasts with the remarkable recent success of control programmes in South American trypanosomiasis.	Any communications business that relies on capital-intensive installed infrastructure is potentially at risk because of the relentless pace of Moore's Law.	The skronking sax is relentless and pointless and although the electronic bleeps are a welcome change, it's not enough to make these mundane tunes memorable.	So, yes, I think that caregiving is, you know, it's relentless.	The country grew tired of the relentless pictures of death in drab on the evening news and an economy out of control.	McManus' character is defined by a relentless and elemental instinct to compete, but nothing brings out the raw desire in him like International Rules football.	The heat that day was relentless, and in the west they could see the gathering cumulus clouds that promised a storm, welcome respite from the heat.	Where it is not a question of outright retrenchment, natural attrition is allowed to follow its relentless course and vacant positions are simply not being filled.	There's not an ounce of intelligence in her vapid dark eyes, the glossy lips, the soft words slipping off her tongue in a relentless, unceasing confession.	He is a strong striker of the ball and is relentless when he gets ahead.	The ruins of the castle remain atop the hill but provide little protection from the relentless mistral, which constantly whips through its now-exposed cavity.	Whereas Darwinists had been relentless in disparaging intelligent design as a pseudoscience, Darwinism itself now came to be viewed as a pseudoscience.	There's something charmingly relentless about the Muppets' resilience.	One of the saddest and most galling aspects of this foot and mouth tragedy has been the relentless, silent, unpublicised invasion of our shop shelves by imported meat.	A few nifty time changes really wouldn't go amiss and the relentless search for the funky backbeat often precludes the actual resolution of a hummable tune.	What I'm saying, I guess, is that as long as the anti-war critics continue relentless negativism without any constructive alternative, they will soon lose the debate.	He had seen grubby, cantankerous men reduced to pitiableness by slighter but nevertheless relentless syndromes, the same shovelled out eye-sockets.	As of writing, the relentless fall in the stock market continues unabated.	In the end The Lone Ranger is a confusing nearly three hours, overwhelmed by relentless violence and ill-timed jokes.	The couple claimed they had suffered relentless noise and disturbance from loud music late at night, shouting and screaming, abusive language and banging on the walls.	I've been feeling exhausted and after spending 3 days in relentless pursuit of just the perfect wallpaper I find myself without a decorator for the kitchen.	She was relentless in her efforts to have my father honored with a United States postage stamp.	The pairings were evenly matched for much of the opening nine holes before Harrington and McGinley buckled under the relentless pressure from their opponents on the back nine.	The troop movements were preceded by a day of relentless air attacks and artillery and rocket barrages against Iraqi troops arrayed in defense of Baghdad.	We need to confront the relentless desire for more and juxtapose to that the world as it is.	In the sitting room chintz, collections of sherry glasses and relentless Paisley-esque carpet all conspire to create an idiosyncratic replica of Victoriana.	Allow your mind to wonder what life would be like if this relentless, multidimensional Morse code was our primary method of information consumption.	It's fragmenting, the new technologies are changing how information is handled the pace is relentless, and allegations of bias are political weapons.	The relentless, frictionless bonhomie can be a little grating.	We knew about him, liked him, and accepted he was good at what he did, but did not consider the relentless immortalisation of horses to add up to enough.	Not only does their very seriality suggest a relentless stream of crime, but the programmes themselves are organised around the repetitive replay of similar footage.	The relentless persecution of these conventicles and attempts to break them up by military force had led to open revolt.	During the 2007-08 season, Dolan finally got the message from the relentless New York media, brought Walsh on to repace Thomas as team president.	The insistent beat of Break, Break, Break emphasises the relentless sadness of the subject matter.	Some goo-goos are so relentless in their pursuit of goo-gooism that they become a public menace.	A show based on relentless misery, with feeble plots and fewer big characters by the w eek.	He was a relentless critic of the Weimar Republic and apparently an enthusiastic embracer of National Socialism when it came to power.	It also pokes relentless fun at the grindingly obvious conventions of the cartoons themselves.	Cloete's poetry is dominated by end rhyme-not half-rhyme or assonance, but relentless full rhyme.	Story is relentless from the opening bell and mixes it up between striking and takedowns.	Because of the snow at the pass, the actual trail was transformed into a confusion of random crisscrossings with relentless slippery scree.	The deposed tyrant was found cowering in a spider hole near his home town of Tikrit by brave and relentless US marines, according to the official version.	Slander offers a relentless and voyeurisitc gaze on uncongeniality.	The star of the first half was Costa Rican keeper Keylor Navas who managed to keep a clean sheet despite a relentless Dutch attack that came at him from all directions.	From the control tower high above the sprawling container port here, Danny Law helps manage the relentless loading and unloading of cargo, day and night.	The thought of that relentless, cruel body that smelled of rancid oil, dung, and something more, something gaggingly sweet, almost made Olivia choke.	This provoked an uproar in Scotland, greatly aided by the inflammatory rhetoric of the company's secretary, a relentless enemy of the English named Roderick MacKenzie.	Said was relentless in his attacks against Austen, depicting her as a racist and supporter of slavery whose books should be condemned rather than celebrated.	Thus the Spanish conquest was achieved through relentless force, and deception, aided by factors like smallpox and a great communication and cultural divide.	How different it was at Wembley as Ramos confirmed his reputation as a relentless pursuer of silverware by giving Spurs their first trophy in nine years.	He could keep winning through attrition, with a relentless barrage of topspinning ground strokes and a tireless defense of his own side, where would-be winners go to die.	Artistic, surprising people especially welcome, relentless yuppettes not.	Ince's ranty delivery, relentless meandering and unashamedly highbrow references made it an alienating and bafflingly unfunny experience for the unconverted.	But given their reputations for relentless cost cutting, it's only a matter of time before they discover the profit-boosting efficacies of grub nuggets and mealworm burgers.	Stripped of their already-meagre belongings, Ann Widdecombe, Alistair McGowan, Zoe Lucker, Colin Jackson, Tyger Drew-Honey and Miquita Oliver face relentless graft.	Men pretending virtues as relentless as his own were often inclined to eye him askance.	As Running Rabbit had said, on the trail of a cattle-thief he was as relentless as a bloodhound.	They were businesslike, relentless, cold, they belonged to the world of the harbor!	And that was not enough, but with relentless hand he broke one of the horns, and tore it from achelous's forehead.	He was fascinating to talk to as well, relentless in his self-analysis and his self-deprecation.	Presumably, neither the relentless EastEnders PC machine nor poor put-upon Pam innately disapprove of transvestism.	As the Jaegers dwindle, the relentless Kaiju force mankind into a final stand.	He was relentless in worrying him about his soul's concerns, and about ruling his children rigidly.	Whether it is Saddam's elusive arsenal, sexed-up dossiers or bugging the UN, the relentless backwash from the war shows no signs of abating.	That placidity of hers gave her the air of being as relentless as a Fate.	Since then, the programme has purveyed a relentless diet of tabloid telly, with one of its shabbiest offerings yet shown this week.	Gapasin's reputation as a relentless cross-examiner began during his career in Las Vegas.
English	Polish	confound	zawieæ	Like the mythical emperor's new clothes, the obscurity of highbrow discourse was merely a mystique that charlatans used to confound the gullible.	In addition, blood pressure measurement is only intermittent, and white coat hypertension might confound results.	He fails completely, of course, but with his attempts to confound and wrong-foot audiences more used to linear stories, it is a noble failure.	Meanwhile, Spain continues to confound business experts by remaining the biggest market for blended whisky.	The consistency with which Celtic confound expectation grows more remarkable by the minute.	Unfortunately, many clinical tests confound the function of the olfactory nerve with that of the trigeminal nerve.	And perhaps they feel that by releasing some sort of statement helps raise again the fear level and confuse and confound their enemies.	Then you distort that in some way, and so confound the reader's expectation.	But this attempt to confound nationality with race is no better than the Russian attempt to confound it with unity of religion.	It was the fatal mistake of the medieval church to confuse and confound the two kingdoms.	But even if the characters confound your gaydar, the issues are universal.	The increase in recognition of autism spectrum disorders in Western countries continues to confound and confuse.	To complicate and confound matters further, North Korea has done more than simply throw grenades.	Parties and plans often confound the best intentions to live healthfully.	Otherwise, this lack of clarity can confuse and confound viewers.	The state of the controversy between us he endeavored, with all his art, to blind and confound.	George with the prophet Elijah, at Lydda confound his legend with one about Christ himself.	The works confound stereotypes of Japanese etiquette, even as they update the tradition of the anatomically explicit shunga print.	We at time of year Do wound the bark, the skin of our fruit trees, Lest, being overproud in sap and blood, With too much riches it confound itself.	Even in a painstakingly designed application like Microsoft Word, automatic features for capitalizing text and applying formatting often confound users of all levels.	Why, confound your pusillanimous souls, what do you mean by talking to me in that fashion?	The costume of the alpinist, his spectacles, his accent, were quite enough to confound him in their minds with those agents.	Whoever has once set eyes on the boatbill or Savacou will never forget the bird, or confound it with any other.	Nor in any story of mankind has the irony of God chosen the foolish things so catastrophically to confound the wise.	I beg pardon for attempting to remind the reader that he must not confound the river Duna, with the river Dwina.	The error, then, of Mr. Hunter is to confound the patriarchal with the Iron Age.	A latch is not a turnbuckle, and no ironmonger's apprentice would confound the two.	Apart from the colouring, it is impossible to confound the pitta with any other bird.	Some people foolishly confound national service with conscription.	But, confound it, Annette, we've been calling on those people all summer.	Anglo-Indians frequently confound the koel with the brain-fever bird.	The outcome is a lively new coterie of civic buildings that confound and transcend the more familiar notions of municipal drabness.	My aim has been to produce a delicate arsenal of life-sized ceramic weaponry so gorgeous and patently functionless that they will bedazzle and confound everyone who sees them.	Ay-raly's inherent abstruseness within his painstakingly detailed illustrations of provocative deviance is not so much to confound us but to challenge us.	It is a discourse against all those who confound virtue with tameness and smug ease, and who regard as virtuous only that which promotes security and tends to deepen sleep.
English	Polish	tainted	ska¿ony	It is especially so when such papers are tainted with plagiarism and dirty school politics.	I didn't feel the slightest tinge of remorse as I noticed the blonde hair swishing behind a tainted wall.	Michael had the tainted innocence of an outcast, but I knew he was better than the very people who would reject him.	There is no suggestion that the evidence of the three witnesses is tainted with collusion.	So much of the comedy in anime is tainted by overt fan service and wildly imaginative events.	My expectations were tainted with scenes from the old black and white war flics.	Because the verdict was critically tainted, it ordered that the defendant be retried.	Now, none of this should be taken to mean success is invariably tainted by skullduggery or attained in spite of incompetence.	There was a second of dramatic silence as the first speckles of blood hit the ground and tainted the white carpet.	They are less likely to be tainted with the chemical residues that lace non-organic, intensively reared meat.	So any proposal involving Primakov is potentially tainted before it even gets a full head of steam.	But first, we begin with two military operations, both of which may be tainted somewhat with controversy.	I was finding it increasingly difficult to keep up my charade with Peter, and every kiss was tainted with my dishonesty.	But local politicians believe the arrival of the travellers tainted the image of the medieval attraction.	The underlying act is wrong, tainted, impermissible and thus benefiting from it is wrong.	Partly it's because Shakespeare has become tainted with the insalubrious whiff of the schoolroom.	The stony surface was tainted with red iron and calcium, something that I had learned in school.	The substitute eliminates the problem of donated blood being tainted by infections or impurities.	The recall follows a major outbreak of food poisoning this month when 14,000 people fell ill after drinking tainted milk.	The best way to avoid eating food tainted with toxic chemicals was to buy certified organic produce, Dixon argued.	A meat processing plant in Southern California mixed ground beef tainted with E. coli with other ground beef.	He's smart and energetic and he's never been tainted by corruption or scandal.	The troll let out a growl of fury as it dropped the tainted sword with a loud thud.	Both tainted by scandal, they are also the most polarizing figures from each of their respective parties.	Do you feel at all that your season has been slightly tainted now by this scandal?	The market has been tainted with poor quality products, dismal performance and overwhelming disappointment.	In particular, the workhouse was a shame that affected anyone tainted with its brush no matter what their birth.	The statement also said the latest cases were likely caused by the consumption of tainted pork tongue in jelly.	A second tainted election, followed by more bare-knuckled partisan conflict, Mr. Christopher said, would be far more damaging.	They later built a tentlike structure around it to prevent evidence from being tainted and to keep the investigation secret.	But this awesome find may be tainted by the shop's owner, an alien out to right the wrongs of Earth's scumbags.	Red Dragon's goal of being a smart thriller is also tainted by the cheap and obvious pop psychology used to paint the characters.	Or does it become tainted by the violence that seeps through the cracks of the skeletal buildings and infects the air?	Eating, for example, offers an avenue for ingesting tainted or poisonous food resulting in serious illness or death.	She looked beyond amazing with the dirty blond, now tainted with golden blond, hair extensions in the bun with the deep pinkish red floor-length gown.	We must make it known that we have had enough of consumerism tainted with misery and blood.	For weeks the information coming out of Kuala Lumpur was, at best, inconsistent and contradictory and, at worst, tainted.	Her eye caught the chest by the door, and she went to it hesitantly, feeling that its contents had been tainted somehow by the wicked man with the dark hair.	Galbraith and Richard Holbrooke, the U.S. special envoy, feel the elections are tainted and try to confront Karzai.	And for those of us who prefer not to have our food tainted with someone else's tobacco smoke, there will be no smoking in the building, except in the bar.	But some of the most prominent have been tainted by scandal.	When it was last in power in the 1990s, under Sir John Major, it was tainted by sleaze.	Shen recalled a case from her research where an old lady was diagnosed as having abnormally high blood sugar from drinking too much tainted malted milk.	And preliminary reports suggest that thousands of irregularities have tainted the results.	The burning question for the newly self-directed team, however, was whether it could ramp up sales in a company that had been tainted by bankruptcy.	To this day, Palmeiro insists that he never juiced and simply took a tainted vitamin shot.	Vera hid what she was in tracksuits, tainted all she saw with resentful bale.	The Clough Years were subsequently tainted with bung allegations.	So I would sweat like crazy in a yellow rubber swim cap while Lee Ann Billings and Jamie Reader dipped their blonde hair in and out of the cool, chlorine tainted water.	So it was a terrible step when he took the church in the wrong direction, when he adopted the idea that we are all originally tainted by concupiscent sexuality.	Now even tofu is likely to be tainted with genetically modified organisms, and your favorite natural tabouli mix may contain irradiated herbs and spices.	He died of ptomaine poisoning contracted from tainted Japanese crabmeat.	The outbreak is believed to be caused by tainted bushmeat hunted by local villagers, according to Reuters.	Kenya's armed forces, like many government institutions in the country, have been tainted by corruption allegations.	Contaminated groundwater tainted with trichloroethylene is to blame for the toxic fumes, which are entering homes through their basements.	This drug does not have a lot of the toxicities including insulin resistance that have tainted protease inhibitors so far.	Other inscriptional evidence for Arthur, including the Glastonbury cross, is tainted with the suggestion of forgery.	Amongst other diseases the Leprosie was one epidemicall infection which tainted the Pilgrimes coming thither.	The 34-year-old's childhood was tainted by bitter fighting between Kosovans and Serbians.	When tadpoles of southern leopard frogs and green tree frogs were put in water tainted with that level of chlorothalonil, all 18 died within 24 hours.	He claimed that London was still tainted by the horrors of slavery.	However, in New York Convention states, arbitral decisions are generally immune unless there is a showing that the arbitrator's decision was irrational or tainted by fraud.	Welfarist approaches have sought to prevent children being tainted by the criminal label, a breach of the YCO may very well result in their return to the court system.	The sainted old towel, the tainted old towel, The gooey old towel that hung on the wall.	Was Rome herself tainted with Gallicanism, and in league with those who had conspired for her destruction?	The Athenians, we may believe, had been tainted by the baseness of their confederates.	To injure him, most of them had been ready to conspire with a tainted adventurer like Burr.	Clean or tainted, hot or stale, Hold it as it were the Trail, Through the day and through the night, Questing neither left nor right.	The fringes of this Eden were already tainted with the color of gold.	The atmosphere felt oppressively close, and was tainted with gaseous odors which had been tormented forth by the processes of science.	A vein of bad blood that tainted all, varicose, sluggish, intractable.	No hint, even, of professionalism tainted them, it was said.	The Irish setter was poisoned with tainted meat and died shortly after the event in Birmingham earlier this month.	It was a blood-red flag, that fluttered in the tainted air, over the door of every dwelling into which the Small-Pox had entered.	It involves accidental killings, capricious death for one but not another, tainted situations where every choice is murderously wrong.	This is now a tainted place, and I well know the taint of it clings to me.	A part of the Hole, indeed, contained so much public spirit and private virtue that not even this strong leverage could move it to good fellowship with a tainted accuser.	A THIRD drug addict has died after injecting heroin tainted with anthrax.	Sadly, as is usually the case, the whole squad are tainted with infamy because of the actions of a minority of meatheads and their mulish disregard for management.	These must be chiefly, if not wholly, effects of the unsteadiness and injustice with which a factious spirit has tainted our public administrations.
English	Polish	to arouse someone	podnieciæ kogo
English	Polish	conviction	przekonanie	One of her teachers was found guilty of negligent homicide in a French court but his conviction was later overturned.	He plays the part of the semi-moronic, innocently brutal Quentin with as much conviction as one can muster for such an absurd character.	For the reasons set out in the judgment which is handed down we allow this appeal and quash the conviction.	Three judges will then decide to either quash the conviction, reject the appeal or order a retrial.	If on the other hand, at least a majority of the judges consider the evidence too weak for a conviction, they must acquit.	Nine months after his conviction, however, an appeals judge acquitted him of all charges.	I am therefore of the view that it is not appropriate to substitute a verdict of acquittal for the conviction.	The rock of Mother Jones' faith was her conviction that working Americans acting together must free themselves from poverty and powerlessness.	However, it proceeded to speculate on the safety of their conviction with reference to the weight of the evidence adduced by the prosecution.	Any previous conviction or driving ban could then be revealed to the court after the jury returned a verdict.	History is littered with resolute men whose faith and conviction got them into deep doo-doo.	I neither agreed with nor approved her methods or her language, but there was never any doubt about her passion and the depth of her conviction.	In spite of reform in the law they say conviction rates are not encouraging and in most cases the killers escape justice.	When his conviction was found flawed, the State retried and reconvicted him in another flawed proceeding.	His conviction came 41 years to the day after the trio was mobbed and killed by Klansmen.	The English Court of Appeal upheld the conviction of a man jailed for 14 days for wolf-whistling at a juror from the court's public gallery.	Under U.S. law, a person held in custody by a state may challenge his conviction or sentence by seeking a writ of habeas corpus in federal court.	Throughout the present brief, Microsoft protests its innocence with as much conviction as an old lag before a magistrate.	There is no reflection of that reliance on the conviction matters in the bail decision against us by the Court of Appeal.	The second revolution involved the repudiation of the conviction that well-formed academic learning is a product of our generic humanity.	It was placed there out of the conviction that it was the ancestor, however remote, of the American constitution and the bill of rights.	Rather than fortitude, courage or conviction, his morality play teaches resignation, passivity and submission.	But this side showed great resolve and conviction and by the interval had drawn level.	There have been no arrests and police are set to offer a reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the perpetrators.	It is certain that National Socialism does not favor monarchism and is definitely republican in conviction.	This, the story goes, secured a large crowd, a conviction for indecency and copious ticket-shifting headlines.	In all the circumstances, I do not think it would be right to allow Evans's conviction to stand.	This work of transformation which I have come to think of as culture work must be approached carefully but with great conviction and effort.	Prosecution is a process of investigation, of indictment, arraignment, trial and conviction.	He's been attempting to overturn the conviction because the police tracked his burner phone to a Texas rest stop.	This appeal against conviction is based solely on two rulings made by the judge prior to trial.	She became another victim of the evil and false conviction that it is the one who is to blame for the accident who rushes the victim to hospital.	The Pygmalion effect works by luring us into the conviction that we are capable of achieving the goals that we set.	Julius Drake plays his part with dedication and conviction, particularly in the dissonant sections where Ives' demands are extremely taxing.	Hence, for example, he is shocked if the police maltreat a criminal in order to secure a conviction.	My conviction was so strong that I convinced my skeptical high school English teacher by giving him readings and arguing with him.	They play with a conviction and authenticity far beyond their tender years.	It is more or less a given, by convention if not by conviction, that one must have a biblical text for a sermon.	She had put serpent-shaped silver barrettes in her hair, and she played with fearful but clear conviction.	This dignified and measured document does that with overwhelming conviction.	Not just managing Shakespeare but actually grabbing it by the throat and ringing every drop out of it and carrying it with such conviction.	He pleaded not guilty, but his conviction was confirmed on appeal in February the following year.	What is sought now to be done is to ask the court to overturn a conviction because he made a decision not to call evidence.	The breathalyzer readings resulted in the appellant's conviction before the trial court.	Collins, instead, handles himself with assurance, has unshakeable conviction in his own abilities and isn't short of an opinion or two that might put noses out of joint.	Harry has proven himself to be absolutely a man of his word, a man of principle, a quiet spoken person with a very strong conviction and a good heart.	They suggested his name with all the conviction of a gambler throwing a few bucks on a long-shot at the track.	He would quaff a few glasses of Alsatian Pinot Noir as he poured forth his conviction that Northern Ireland could emulate France and Germany by resolving age-old conflict.	That is so, in the same way that if after a verdict of guilty an appellate court concludes that the conviction is unsafe and unsatisfactory it quashes the jury's verdict.	I didn't think they had sufficient evidence to lay a charge, let alone obtain a conviction and that view hasn't changed after what I've seen today.	He sought release on bail while he appealed his conviction and sentence.	The pre-war records in Albany revealed a conviction the fellow earned at 16 before going off to war.	It is not required as a matter of law for a conviction to be sustained.	I disagreed with him on a few issues, but I knew that he held those views out of conviction, not because his party required him to salaam before their chosen altars.	But today it's precisely a lack of belief and conviction that haunts this president.	The cousin is said by the FBI to have relinquished his title as boss after his own conviction for racketeering.	These experiences reinforced my conviction that humanitarian medicine was a powerful antidote to the violations I had read about in Medicine Betrayed.	A Van der Sloot conviction may seem like a slam-dunk, but there are still potential caveats.	As left-wing biographer Rick Perlstein grants, Goldwater was a man of color-blind temperament, conviction, and personal action.	He was hoping that the R5000 reward being offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the killings will bring witnesses forward.	He got one goal chance and he put it away with style and conviction.	He left no disciples, but only admirers of his scholarship and conviction.	Many modern directors feel obliged to pose as anti-intellectuals, adopting a facade of stupidity they are unable to carry off with any conviction.	Interestingly, some jurists even asserted that judges who rely on a coerced confession in a criminal conviction are to be held liable for the wrongful conviction.	The other process is a kangaroo court where the prosecutors design the rules of the forum to ensure that a conviction is obtained without any reference to justice or fairness.	It comes from a deep-seated conviction that there is only one economic system, the globalised free market, set in the political context of liberal democracy.	They are to face oppression with humble persistence and absolute conviction.	He must be henceforth treated like a moral leper to satisfy our conviction that endless ongoing punishment without mercy is ours to mete out to him forever.	Just last week, a California appellate court turned aside the appeal of Luster's conviction, saying he had forfeited his right to appeal by jumping bail.	On Sunday they did not do themselves justice tactically or in terms of conviction, but they are extremely lucky to have a chance of making amends so quickly.	A person who has a record that becomes spent is deemed to have no record of that conviction and need not disclose the record when asked about his criminal record.	That's how he keeps betraying us, why he roars at us with such conviction.	Despite Strabo's conviction of a lie, the perimeter said to have been given by Pytheas is not evidence of it.	Evans's family and his girlfriend Natasha Massey have set up a website to campaign for the conviction to the be quashed.	The best modus vivendi for a secret Judaist in Elizabethan London was a pragmatic compromise between inward conviction and outward conformity.	Jeri received a felony conviction and was sent to the county jail.	Police did release an audio recording of Black following his conviction for the murder of Jennifer Cardy from Northern Ireland, in October.	Monsignor William Lynn left a Pennsylvania jail after winning the right to appeal his conviction for child endangerment.	Leanne Goose is one such vocalist who has proven she can sing almost any kind of song with conviction and passion.	In 2015 the Crown Court heard 11,348 appeals against conviction, sentence or both, from those convicted in the magistrates' courts.	On 24 December 2013, Queen Elizabeth II signed a pardon for Turing's conviction for gross indecency, with immediate effect.	Judith is depicted as an exemplar woman, grounded by ideal morale, probity, courage, and religious conviction.	On 31 July, the appeals court overturned Richards' conviction, and Jagger's sentence was reduced to a conditional discharge.	As a result of his conviction, Taylor's MBE nomination was annulled before he was awarded it.	In other countries, the prosecuting authority may appeal an acquittal similar to how a defendant may appeal a conviction.	Law enforcers normally have to prove an individual is guilty to get a conviction.	In 2014, 24,025 prosecutions that were commenced by the BBC did not result in conviction.	The Bill of Rights in the Constitution of South Africa forbids a retrial when there has already been an acquittal or a conviction.	This led to the arrest and conviction of Owain Williams and John Albert Jones.	Meetings lasted hours but from the beginning there was a sense of conviction of sin.	Following his conviction and incarceration, Sutcliffe chose to use the name Coonan, his mother's maiden name.	If you have the conviction and commitment, you will always find your witch.	Thus, although the act actually causing death was performed when the defendants did not have the intention to kill, the conviction was confirmed.	The Court of Criminal Appeal quashed his conviction for murder and substituted a verdict of manslaughter.	The president is removed on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.	Following her conviction, she was replaced by Vice President Michel Temer, who had served as acting president while Rousseff's case was pending.	It crystallised his lifelong conviction that to restore was to destroy, and that the only true course was preservation and conservation.	The high intricate ways of the Keep had a strange power of suasion, an ability to carry conviction.	Jim remarked irrelevantly that tigers were 'schelms' and it was his conviction that there were a great many in the kloofs round about.	He felt himself in the position that having got the conviction he did not see how he was to unget it.	Yogi himself has identified at least 25 suspects in lineups and has close to a 100-percent conviction rate in the Colorado courts.	He was calm in the conviction that he could measure and calculate the universe.... He matched finity against the Infinite.	A woman found guilty of a nightclub glassing which left an Australian singer's career in tatters has had her conviction overturned on appeal.	We have conviction from reason, or decisions from the inerrable and requisite conditions of sense.	Her skilled sociopathy enabled her to avoid a criminal conviction for allegedly arranging the long-distance execution of her husband, but now what?	Richard Tempest, a British backpacker who was among the 70 who escaped from the inferno, said the conviction would allow survivors and victims' families to move on.	A person who has committed a felony is a felon, and upon conviction of a felony in a court of law a person is known as a convicted felon or a convict.	Poet Michael Kruger feels with unmistakable conviction that one purpose in life is to fully illustrate how a day without poetry is a day lost forever.	Her manner was brisk, and her good-breeding scarcely concealed her conviction that if you were not a soldier you might as well be a counter-jumper.	I felt no conviction of a burning sincerity, of that fire in the belly which made some of the wilder nonconformist parsons of my youth appear almost incandescent.	The primary means of restoring civil rights that are lost as a result of a felony conviction are executive clemency and Expungement in the United States.	Pryce Davies preaching on the necessity of partaking of Holy Communion Harris came to the conviction that he had received mercy through the blood of Christ.	When, at the age of seventeen, one of his paintings was accepted at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition, he was strengthened in his conviction to become an artist.	Coulson had resigned as the paper's editor following the conviction of a reporter in relation to illegal phone hacking, although stating that he knew nothing about it.	The conviction that my personal, worldly life was something real and good constituted the misunderstanding, the obstacle, that prevented me from comprehending Jesus doctrine.	Following conviction, the Senate may vote to further punish the individual by barring him or her from holding future federal office, elected or appointed.	Adolphus Egerton Ryerson was his full name, but he insisted on being called Egerton Ryerson, under the mistaken conviction that this was much more matey than Adolphus.	Perhaps Saxon was secretly comforted by the conviction that only a preux chevalier would be worthy of Miss Colonna, and that the preux chevalier was certainly not forthcoming.	A sense of comradeship rather than political conviction led him, while still a student, to join the Kelmscott House Socialist Club in Hammersmith.	However, the biography in question was consistent with Carlyle's own conviction that the flaws of heroes should be openly discussed, without diminishing their achievements.	In English admiralty law, piracy was classified as petit treason during the medieval period, and offenders were accordingly liable to be drawn and quartered on conviction.	The conviction comes days after water bailiffs and wildlife police discovered a poacher's net containing 60 large sea trout worth around PS1500 in the Tyne.	A prime example of the professional is Earl Shumway, whose five-year, three-month prison term is the toughest sentence ever imposed for an ARPA conviction.	The divorce court was overturned when it rendered a criminal conviction against a party, because it lacked the subject matter jurisdiction to hear a criminal case.	Father and mother may not follow the promptings of religious belief, of conscience or of conviction, and teach son or daughter the doctrine of pacifism.	The Bench generally comprises three Appeal Sheriffs when considering appeals against conviction, and two appeal sheriffs when considering appeals against sentence.	It cost him nothing to give a maximum of fervid conviction to the tone of his words.	Some firm conviction, she was sure, must energise him yet she respected him the more for concealing it.	As the Judge had said, his client was conceded to be slated for conviction.	The latter is often accompanied by a self-righteous conviction that it is a virtue.	Her self-doubt was grappled by a stronger will and a stronger conviction than her own.	It was only the supposition of Furness, and it is my conviction that they have not.	Coleridge's unshaken conviction that it was solvable, inspired many with courage.	He may be a republican, and he must uphold with warmth and conviction Royalist theories.	This accusation, after soul-wearying delays, had culminated to-day in conviction.	And one would like to know what our conviction that we are not automata has to do with it.	As the barcarolle swelled and died away, I felt this conviction growing within me.	It was a dreadful conviction that was forced upon me, and as wonderful as terrible.	So far I concede the libertarian contention as to the demoralising effect of Determinism, if held with a real force of conviction.	We could not resist the conviction that the Africander nation was exhausted.	I maintain, therefore, with greater conviction than ever the importance of illuminism in the history of world-revolution.	All concerned in Ralegh's trial and conviction have a heavy burden of bloodguiltiness to bear.	It has become a settled conviction in my mind that you have to wait for bonefish.	About eleven, all, except myself, had left the alar in the full conviction of having enjoyed themselves very much indeed.	To make a curse operate there must be a certain amount of conviction in the mind of the curser.	I was convinced that the scoundrel spoke of himself, and I saw my conviction reflected in Miss dartle's face.	The decisiveness of the psalmist's conviction does not lead him to exaggeration.	Pan Stanislav had in his mind at that moment the same conviction and feeling.	It is my conviction that Shakespeare's sailor-talk would be Choctaw to him.	This did not annoy him so much as the conviction that in her scurries she had managed to scratch his face abundantly.	And she wrung her hands in intensity of conviction of the inutility of aught she could do.
English	Polish	successor	nastêpca	Now she is being touted as the anointed successor in his political empire, too.	Much like the British monarchy, when the current Aga Khan is ready to abdicate his post, he will personally choose a successor.	Their successor, Elizabeth I, consolidated the new and increasingly Protestant Church of England.	The manuscripts were left from Aristotle to his successor Theophrastus, who in turn willed them to Neleus of Scepsis.	The first four hyperoperations are successor, addition, multiplication, and exponentiation.	The kingdoms of Gwynedd, Powys, Dyfed and Seisyllwg, Morgannwg and Gwent emerged as independent Welsh successor states.	Elizabeth refused to name a potential heir, fearing that to do so would invite conspiracy to displace her with the nominated successor.	It fell to Stephen's successor Henry II to again curtail the power of earls.	The British did not ask to extend the Polaris Sales Agreement to cover the Polaris successor Poseidon due to its cost.	McNeill's successor, Davie Hay, had his difficulties with the Celtic board too.	Under Radu I and his successor Dan I, the realms in Transylvania and Severin continued to be disputed with Hungary.	A successor state is a sovereign state over a territory and populace that was previously under the sovereignty of another state.	There is some debate over whether the modern Republic of Turkey is a continuing state to the Ottoman Empire or a successor.	It is named after the successor Kingdom of Powys, which formed after the Romans withdrew from Britain.	Upon the death of his uncle, the Bishop of St David's, in 1176, the chapter nominated Gerald as his successor.	In western countries the daffodil is also associated with spring festivals such as Lent and its successor Easter.	His brother and successor Aimery was recognised as King of Cyprus by Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor.	In 933, King Radulf granted the Avranchin and Cotentin to Rollo's son and successor, William Longsword.	By 897 the young prince ruled only the city of Laon before Odo on his deathbed designated him as his successor.	In May 1200, Philip signed the Treaty of Le Goulet with Richard's successor John Lackland.	However, his successor could not maintain the industry due to financial problems, worsened by many years of social unrest under his rule.	After the dissolution of Gran Colombia in 1830, Panama became part of a successor state, the Republic of New Granada.	In the 21st century, the castle is controlled by English Heritage, as the successor to the Ministry of Works, and open to visitors.	Her son and successor King Edward VII, and her eldest grandson, Emperor Wilhelm II of Germany, were at her deathbed.	Instead the Witenagemot, the assembly of the kingdom's leading notables, would convene after a king's death to select a successor.	In this system, the monarch chooses the successor, who is always his relative.	In 1961 Georg Diederichs took office as the minister president of Lower Saxony as the successor to Hinrich Wilhelm Kopf.	Thus, it was Charlemagne's weak successor, Louis the Pious, who destroyed his father's collection of epic poetry on account of its pagan content.	On his deathbed Conrad I chose Henry of Saxony as the most capable successor.	Shortly thereafter he announced the adoption of Trajan as his successor, and with this decision all but abdicated.	Ironically, after the death of Adolf II his successor was again Diether von Isenburg, now legally elected by the chapter and named by the Pope.	He was at once national king of the Goths, and successor, though without any imperial titles, of the West Roman emperors.	He forced the Alemanni capitulation to Frankish suzerainty and did not appoint a successor to Lantfrid.	The empire would remain in continuous existence for nearly a millennium, as the Holy Roman Empire, a true imperial successor to Charles.	Under the son and successor of Frederick Barbarossa, Henry VI, the Hohenstaufen dynasty reached its apex.	At the same time, the Tatars of the Crimean Khanate, the only remaining successor to the Golden Horde, continued to raid Southern Russia.	Without a mutually agreeable successor, the highest Communist Party officials initially opted to rule the Soviet Union jointly through a troika.	His successor was the infant Guttorm, who himself died later the same year.	However, there is no evidence that his son and ultimate successor, Constantius II, who was an Arian Christian, was exiled.	More recently, some speculate that Joanna was the legitimate successor, though Isabella was able to portray herself as such.	After Justinian died in 565, his successor, Justin II refused to pay the large tribute to the Persians.	His successor, Constantine V, won noteworthy victories in northern Syria and thoroughly undermined Bulgarian strength.	His successor, Ptolemy II Philadelphus, transferred the sarcophagus to Alexandria, where it remained until at least late Antiquity.	Nevertheless, Hellenization occurred throughout the region, accompanied by a distinct and opposite 'Orientalization' of the successor states.	These conquests were lost in the reign of Roger's successor William, however, and never formed an integral part of the kingdom in southern Italy.	Khabul's successor was Ambaghai Khan, who was betrayed by the Tatars, handed over to the Jurchen, and executed.	Denis negotiated with Clement's successor, John XXII, for recognition of the new order and its right to inherit the Templar assets and property.	In 1009, Sanchuelo had himself proclaimed Hisham II's successor, and then went on military campaign.	Because her brother had named Isabella as his successor, when she ascended to the throne in 1474, there were already several plots against her.	In 1620, a successor to the Plymouth Company sent colonists to the New World aboard the Mayflower.	It was one of the successor states of the Golden Horde, and it came to an end when it was conquered by the Tsardom of Russia.	By a decision of the Austrian emperor, in November 1849, a new province was formed as the political successor of the Serbian voivodeship.	Deng Xiaoping outmaneuvered Mao's anointed successor chairman Hua Guofeng, and gradually emerged as the de facto leader over the next few years.	In December 1531, the Zurich council selected Heinrich Bullinger as his successor.	However, in 1701 Clement XI decided to suspend Codde and appoint a successor.	Charles' successor James II finalized these efforts in 1686, establishing the Dominion of New England.	More than 50 titles have been repealed and replaced by successor titles, and nine of those have been replaced a second time.	The Johor Sultanate was the successor of the Malacca Sultanate, both of which had their own codes of law.	His successor, George V, was asked if he would be prepared to create sufficient peers, which he would only do if the matter arose.	He decided that the time was coming for him to retire as leader, with Heath as his preferred successor.	Over lunch with Lord Swinton on 30 September he favoured stepping down, but only if Hailsham could be shoehorned in as his successor.	After Oscar II's death, his successor, Gustav V would never have undergone a coronation and thus did not wear the crown when opening the Riksdag.	The Communist League was the successor organisation to the old League of the Just which had been founded in 1837, but had recently disbanded.	Verizon, successor to New England Telephone, NYNEX, and Bell Atlantic, is the primary wired telephone service provider for the area.	During the reign of Humayun, the successor of Babur, the empire was briefly interrupted by the Sur Empire.	The region remained under the control of Caedwalla's successor Ine in the early 8th century.	King Urien and his son and successor Owain became the subjects of a great deal of Arthurian legend.	This is due mainly to the efforts of the previous CEO, James Paxman and his successor, Phil Hutt.	Pertinax's successor in Rome was Didius Julianus, who had bought the emperorship in an auction.	His son Constantine was instantly proclaimed as successor by the troops based in the fortress.	He had been careful to make sure that there was no successor in waiting, and his own children were far too young to take his place.	Beornwulf was slain suppressing a revolt amongst the East Angles, and his successor, a former ealdorman named Ludeca, met the same fate.	Ceawlin was deposed, perhaps by his successor, a nephew named Ceol, and died a year later.	Ecgric's successor Anna and Anna's son Jurmin were killed together in 654 at the Battle of Bulcamp, near Blythburgh.	Edward died in January 1066 without an obvious successor, and an English nobleman, Harold Godwinson, took the throne.	Edward's immediate successor was the Earl of Wessex, Harold Godwinson, the richest and most powerful of the English aristocrats.	Philip Augustus regarded Geoffrey as a close friend, and would have welcomed him as a successor to Henry.	Henry now hoped to unite the crowns of England and Scotland by marrying his son Edward to James' successor, Mary.	Pope Julius died and his successor, Pope Paul IV, declared war on Philip and recalled Pole to Rome to have him tried as a heretic.	However, no child was born, and Mary was forced to accept that Elizabeth was her lawful successor.	Since Elizabeth would never name her successor, Cecil was obliged to proceed in secret.	But, most notably, the office of Lord Protector was still not to become hereditary, though Cromwell was now able to nominate his own successor.	His successor John Bercow abandoned traditional dress, wearing a plain black gown over his lounge suit when presiding.	However, gains in Scotland were reversed during the reign of his successor, Edward II, who also faced conflict with the nobility.	As his son and successor, James V, was an infant, the government was again taken over by regents.	In December 2010 Group Lotus announced the creation of Lotus Renault GP, the successor to the Renault F1 team.	As the successor of ELDO, ESA has also constructed rockets for scientific and commercial payloads.	It was first described in 1837 as the successor to Babbage's difference engine, a design for a mechanical computer.	Throughout the early 1680s the Whig element in Parliament attempted to remove James as successor to the throne.	In August, William Warham, Archbishop of Canterbury, died and Thomas Cranmer was at once proposed by Henry to the Pope as his successor.	A Gothic screen was also added to the Norman nave at Peterborough, but this is an architectural oddity with no precedent or successor.	The Geledi Sultanate, established by Ibrahim Adeer, was a notable successor of the Ajuran Sultanate.	Next to him came John Parenti, the first successor of Francis in the headship of the order.	As the poison takes effect, Hamlet, hearing that Fortinbras is marching through the area, names the Norwegian prince as his successor.	Graham Taylor was Robson's successor, but resigned after England failed to qualify for the 1994 FIFA World Cup.	Then, the 72 became outdated, while successor models, such as the Lotus 76 were disappointing.	However, Shawar asserted his independence and allied with Baldwin's brother and successor Amalric of Jerusalem.	Military counts in the Late Empire and the Germanic successor kingdoms were often appointed by a dux and later by a king.	The Suez crisis and the choice of Eden's successor led in 1957 to the first major personal criticism of the Queen.	The united Germany is considered to be the enlarged continuation of the Federal Republic of Germany and not a successor state.	In the following year, they saw combat under her successor John Major in Operation Granby.	His successor, Ieuan Wyn Jones, struggled to impose his authority, particularly over controversial remarks made by a councillor, Seimon Glyn.	Parliament may also bind successor parliaments as to their method of election and their constituent parts.	It is nominally a civil service post, but the appointment tends to be from within the Bank, with the incumbent grooming his or her successor.	In March 2000, Ayling was removed from his position and British Airways announced Rod Eddington as his successor.	The measures undertaken by Peel's successor, Russell, proved comparatively inadequate as the crisis deepened.	Popular literature might be seen as the successor of the early modern chapbook.	It is the successor of the League of Nations' International Committee on Intellectual Cooperation.	In the early modern period, successor states to the Adal Sultanate and Ajuran Sultanate began to flourish in Somalia.	William's successor was Mary's sister Anne, who had no surviving children and so the Protestant succession seemed in doubt.	Trajan's successor Hadrian adopted a policy of maintaining rather than expanding the empire.	Most emperors indicated their choice of successor, usually a close family member or adopted heir.	At this time it was thought that Queen Yolande was pregnant, so that Margaret was not yet the obvious successor.	After inducting his successor, Lawson of Aberdeen, as minister of St Giles' on 9 November, Knox returned to his home for the last time.	It is likely that the specialized knowledge inherent in the particular military role was taught to the successor, including strategy, ritual, and war dances.	It was not then, as its successor the Scottish National Orchestra was later to be, a permanent ensemble, but gave a season lasting about six months of each year.	Between 1554 and 1556, Pinto returned to Japan with Xavier's successor.	Both this and its successor the Southern Railway played a significant role in the creation of the modern port following their purchase and development of the town's docks.	Augustine was accompanied by Laurence of Canterbury, his eventual successor to the archbishopric, and a group of about 40 companions, some of whom were monks.	The Chamber of Deputies, the successor to the Czech National Council, has the powers and responsibilities of the now defunct federal parliament of the former Czechoslovakia.	The big winner of the 2010 elections was Geert Wilders, whose right wing PVV, the ideological successor to the LPF, more than doubled its number of seats.	Bismarck's successor in the chancellory, Count Caprivi, set matters in their true light in a speech in the Reichstag shortly after the publication of Bismarck's Reminiscences.	The station was also served by Wessex Trains with one train a day to and from Penzance, as well as the services that are now run by their successor First Great Western.	Its successor church, the Reformed Church in America still exists today.	Carausius' successor, Allectus, withdrew the majority of troops defending the Wall to the south to guard the Channel coast against Constantius Chlorus.	David quickly arranged for his grandson Malcolm IV to be made his successor, and for his younger grandson William to be made Earl of Northumberland.	As his successor Lupus, he probably owed allegiance to the Frankish kings.	When Thomas Butler, 7th Earl of Ormond died, Henry recognised one successor for Ormond's English, Welsh and Scottish lands, whilst in Ireland another took control.	His successor, the young Henry VIII, had little time for his father's cautious diplomacy, and was soon heading towards a war with France, Scotland's historic ally.	The uprising was suppressed by Chlothar I, Theudebald's successor.	His brother and successor, Wanyan Wuqimai defeated the Liao dynasty.	Philip II's successor, Philip III, was a man of limited ability, uninterested in politics and preferring to delegate management of the empire to others.	Martin Luther and his successor Philipp Melanchthon were undoubtedly significant influences on these theologians, and to a larger extent later Reformed theologians.	Under the Protectorate's constitution, Oliver Cromwell was required to nominate a successor, and from 1657 he involved Richard much more heavily in the politics of the regime.	It became part of Regional Railways North East and on 2 March 1997 was privatised with Northern Spirit and its successor, Arriva Trains Northern maintaining the brand.	In this sense, Webster's speller becoming what was to be the secular successor to The New England Primer with its explicitly biblical injunctions.	Diane James was elected as his successor, but resigned after 18 days.	Just before Charlemagne died in 814, he crowned Louis as his successor.	On Tennyson's death there was a considerable feeling that there was no acceptable successor, William Morris and Swinburne being hardly suitable as court poets.	Alexander II, as well as his successor Alexander III, attempted to take over the Western Isles, which were still under the overlordship of Norway.	On 20 May 2016, Brendan Rodgers was announced as Deila's successor.	His political career was boosted and his cursus honorum finished as early as 13 BC, when he was elected consul with Tiberius, the stepson and successor of Augustus.	The Kingdom of Powys was a Welsh successor state, petty kingdom and principality that emerged during the Middle Ages following the end of Roman rule in Britain.	The infallibility promised to the Church resides also in the body of Bishops, when that body exercises the supreme magisterium with the successor of Peter.	It teaches that it is the one true church founded by Jesus Christ, that its bishops are the successors of Christ's apostles, and that the Pope is the successor to Saint Peter.	His successor William Morpeth demolished most of the Chapter House.	He accomplished this in the summer of 97 by naming Trajan as his adoptive son and successor, allegedly solely on Trajan's outstanding military merits.	In contrast, his successor Hadrian would stress the notion of the empire as ecumenical and of the Emperor as universal benefactor and not kosmocrator.	Responsibility for the stone circle remains with English Heritage, the successor body to the Ministry of Works, whilst ownership of the site is retained by the National Trust.	His successor, George VI also preferred his own original home, the Royal Lodge in the Great Park, but moved into Windsor Castle with his wife Elizabeth.
English	Polish	attuned	przystosowany	Her stint at a publishing firm did not last long, perhaps because she was always innately attuned to social work.	We who are attuned to the cycles of Nature and the rhythms of the Earth often feel overwhelmed by the escalating environmental crises.	Many editors understood that being more attuned to readers was an important responsibility.	By being attuned to individual students' personal goals, teachers can assist students who otherwise might give up.	This tells us that human beings are exquisitely attuned to interpreting and responding to social signals.	As a Pisces, your consciousness is more comfortable when it's attuned to the macrocosmic perspective.	I have become as attuned to the semiotic meanings of Danforth vs. Riverdale as a Manhattanite is to the subtleties of Upper and Lower East Sides.	We shop at the same stores, he uses more beauty products than I do and is more attuned to fashionable circles than I am.	The fact we are politically attuned to the region means Europeans can regard us as a friend at court.	He is also attuned to running a two-tier system, managing four-star hotels as well as bread-and-butter budget locations.	Because of this long period of co-evolution, dogs are the most attuned of animals to our own species needs and ways of living.	To all intents and purposes he seemed asleep but his acute hearing would be attuned for the rustling of a field vole moving through the grass.	Their finely attuned ecological sensitivity makes them true heroes in a region dominated by agro-industry.	If human cosmologies do not become attuned to the need to preserve our terrestrial habitat, humanity will sooner or later run out of future.	Work done by students and professionals must be guided by cybrarians attuned to the problems inherent in images or videos.	It is wonderful to see a mind that is so exquisitely attuned to critical examination at work in the moment, the moment of his own life.	Only ears attuned to the metre will hear it, but the shock of recognition is matched by a jarring discord.	But, next season, players will become more attuned to what he is going to do and become more adept at stopping him.	Her aggressive titles were now familiar stock among a certain informed readership attuned to decadent works.	He possessed both an indomitable will and supersensitive antennae attuned to the political airways.	Therefore, the most successful programs were those that were attuned to the future and flexible enough to respond quickly.	Health care practitioners who are not attuned to racial differences may not be aware of unique physical conditions as well.	Much of Weaver's writing is devoted to the context in which food is grown and eaten, so he is particularly attuned to political contexts.	Does any of that come from being attuned to the pressure of that need to entertain?	Moderate Republicans have been among those most attuned to the perils of such hypocrisy.	Rich in cultural capital and attuned to information and communication structures, they apply themselves assiduously to the task of self-fulfillment.	That remarkable ear of his is attuned to the ultra-high frequencies of sinister voices.	Intelligence tools, furthermore, must be attuned to geographic conditions.	In Roche's fevered imagination his leader is a combination of Mother Teresa, St Francis of Assisi and metrosexual man, finely attuned to the sensitivities of those around him.	One outward-focused and attuned to external valuations, the other more independent, rebellious, and countercultural.	When we are attuned in this way, the inner and the outer coincide.	Specifically, across cultures women have been shown to be on average more emotionally responsive, more socially attuned, and more verbally gifted than men.	The young Bruce Pike is more attuned to the natural environment than might be expected of subteenage boys.	Not since Jason Robards has there been an actor so attuned to O'Neill.	His son, Denardo Coleman, played drums with hard insistency, even bombast, but he also kept closely attuned to the flow of improvisation.	It is assumed that, if everyone is attuned to God's spirit, the way forward will become clear.	The courtier was a jaunty fellow, attuned to the esoteric court gossip and attentive to the least beneficial wind of favor blowing from the throne.	Being the proud parent of Yoda, a Yorkie, and Hank, a Weimaraner, she has become attuned to the unique nutritional needs of pets, both big and small.	On the contrary, it was attuned to the best, the richest, the highest in God's world.	His was evidently a soul attuned to harmonies, quick to discern any accordant or discordant strains.	I am no longer young, and my heart, through weary years of mourning over the dead, is attuned to mirth.	His instinct had been from the first so attuned to the tragedy that it would have been almost a relief to him to find the corpse.	In keeping with the mood of the concert's second half, both performances were well attuned to the music's ebullience and visceral energy.	They were attuned to the eternal peace of Eastern sky and sea.	When, a year later, Billy was born, she was swept up to that dizzy crest of rapture which, to finely attuned souls, is the recompense and justification of all their valleys.	Proud parents of Bruno and Gucci, an 11 year old German Shepherd and a rescued Saint Bernard, they have become attuned to the unique nutritional needs of pets.
English	Polish	compassion	wspó³czucie	The day that we lose compassion for our fellow human beings will be a sad day indeed for humanity.	Part of the problem with kindness and compassion is that they often present as weak and empty virtues.	Here's hoping that the Year of Horse will be a year of compassion, humanity and truthfulness.	We think Chuckie would be welcome in a holy place because his gentle nature represented charity and compassion.	Paradoxically, its humour and compassion make it a thoroughly watchable, even enjoyable.	Judges and prosecutors are therefore well advised to practice the law with wisdom and compassion.	But perhaps you could say the Samaritans are advantaged because they have compassion and commitment to helping those in need.	Anyone with an ounce of compassion can see he is to be pitied rather than pilloried.	The absolute emphasis on compassion and ahimsa in Buddhism and Jainism are the quintessence of peace.	Kings and the emperors adopted the new religion of equality, ahimsa, and compassion.	This administration could surely benefit from some of our intelligence, wit and compassion.	Thus, they would criticise the Queen's feminine irresolution, female fickleness and womanly compassion towards papists and traitors.	Her compassion leads Pharaoh's daughter to rescue Moses from the reedy water just as Yahweh delivers the Hebrews from the Sea of Reeds.	Write with the knowledge of death on your shoulder, write the beauty of the red leafed begonia, remember winter, write with compassion.	It's only when he leaps into the wild blue yonder of compassion, or idealism, or altruism, that he makes these hilarious mistakes.	Moreover it is a compassion directed to a specific end, the imparting of the Buddha's version of the renunciant life.	Then, personal passion or stress is purified and transformed into unselfish compassion.	Johan feels no compassion for him, ridiculing even his suicide effort as a failure.	The apathy and lack of compassion he describes, are also present in our own US health care system.	An instant of honesty and compassion is more important than an hour of logical argumentation and the facts.	What happens to autonomy and compassion when assisted suicide and euthanasia are legally practiced?	Therefore patience, compassion, and love are the keys toward our attainment of enlightenment.	While compassion makes us feel the richer for our magnanimity, justice stirs up far more complex emotions of self-justification and equivocation.	To the same degree that Hughes defines manhood through compassion, Du Bois defines manhood through intellectual curiosity.	In the image of the Virgin Mary, we find compassion, tender-heartedness, care, trust, humility.	Even as the bandwagon rolled over their son's grave, they honoured his memory by voicing nothing but calm compassion for his killer.	When love denies human compassion, love itself becomes part of a materialist schematism.	It seems that he did that out of compassion for her, and also because she assured him that she would see him right.	God's glory and beauty are revealed in poor, humble, hurting and self-effacing lives of faith and compassion.	I am tempted sometimes to say that the only point of conspicuous compassion is action, the rest is self-flattery.	He tried to keep his face stone, has he had during the battle, but a slight tinge of compassion bordered his eyes.	Beggars sat here and there, calling out or tinkling a little bell to catch the compassion of the innocent.	If we have such a pure and powerful minds as love and compassion for all living beings, we will be part of the solution.	Well, of course, this is compassion night, touchy-feely night at the Republican National Convention.	Characteristic of the Middle Way is a balanced life, one that cultivates wisdom and compassion.	Why should children learn about anything besides happiness and love and compassion?	On the other hand pious people often have little respect for what they dismiss as milk-and-water values like kindness and compassion.	She shouldn't be giving me any kind of compassion like this, maybe she is trying to play some kind of sick mind game.	She impressed judges with the compassion shown to bereaved parents as well as her commitment to raising cash for the charity.	The plane stopped off in Thailand, when I suddenly became overwhelmed with a wave of curiosity and maybe just a twinge of compassion.	Something to do with the way he could project genuine sincerity, humour, insightfulness and compassion.	The beauty of ubuntu is that it includes empathy, humbleness, compassion, mutual respect, sharing and caring.	Is he really behind Jill and her dream to fulfill her dead husband's destiny, or is there an ulterior motive behind his caring compassion?	Today, these students of compassion are gone again, their identity uncertain and their aim unclear.	Looking at the hand gestures of Tibetan monks as they chant, you see mudras portraying the dance of compassion and wisdom.	He went into a state of deep meditation and let the bodhisattva of compassion, Avalokiteshvara, do the talking.	Realizing the intensity of suffering of all living beings in samsara, bodhisattvas have developed limitless compassion and love.	They have shown no compassion, no understanding, no tolerance, and especially, no patience.	To the unfortunates growing up in the Sudan and other similar places, I have nothing but compassion.	God forbid that we should think for a nanosecond that he was driven by any thought of principle, ethics, humanity or compassion.	Yes, when passion ebbs, nurture comes before nature and compassion must overflow.	Much more important to me are freedom, compassion for the poor, respect for the social contract, and equal opportunity.	What needs to be understood at this point, by applying wisdom to your compassion, is how much solidity you are bringing to the situation.	In essence most of these religions have the same essence of love, brotherhood and compassion.	Here is the man who is first to raise money or organise events to help victims of crime or the needy, a man with human compassion.	New Age materialism seemed an ugly form of self-serving notions to justify greed and the refusal of compassion.	Practice compassion, conquering callous, cruel and insensitive feelings toward all beings.	I assume, since you've chosen to look after this pet, that you have in your heart some compassion.	Their idea of compassion is to ask the guest at the millionaire's banquet if they want an extra helping or a second dessert.	It has a freedom and light in it that allows for a great fluency of speech and outflowing of compassion toward the lost.	His most notable films deal with outsiders on the margins of society, exhibiting insight and compassion rather than easy sentiment.	So have we so lost our ability to feel compassion or be charitable in the face of sporting failure, that losing has become unacceptable?	Bodhisattvas, because of the intense development of their love and compassion, have come to understand sunyata, the emptiness of all phenomena.	Therefore, as God's chosen people, holy and dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.	Serving humanity through compassion and serving humanity through compulsion are two different things.	The tone in my voice, devoid of all compassion or even humanity, was much more frightening than my words.	His worst crime was his refusal to show compassion and humanity to his flawed creation.	Such unvarnished compassion is as rare in movies as it is in real life.	It is the path that was first taught more than 2,500 years ago by the Buddha Shakyamuni, who succeeded in achieving complete realization of perfect wisdom and compassion.	He emerges with the most credit as a man of action, honour and compassion.	Compassion and wisdom need to function together, combined with skillfulness, tolerance and patience.	It is the kind of compassion espoused by every world religion and every revered religious leader.	When you look at Mona Lisa, what you see is a woman of confidence and competence and compassion.	The Buddha of Compassion or His Holiness the Dalai Lama has been reborn thirteen times.	And there was an underlying compassion for each character, no matter how crooked or misguided or totally bananas.	Compassion and a show of humanity is not weakness, nor is showing concern for a group of people other than ourselves.	In other words, gay people are cursed with deep-seated disorder and are to be treated with compassion.	During the time I knew marguerite, there was only one moment in which I truly felt any compassion for her.	But here, it happens immediately, unadorned by the compassion that comes with years passing.	If more of us could demonstrate the same depth of compassion and understanding, we would be better equipped to help those vulnerable to heroin's promise of a quick fix.	He spoke without notes and inspired confidence in a hurt world because of his directness, honesty, and compassion.	He should have such virtues as compassion, love, generosity, and altruism.	You can feel compassion for the victim of discrimination or the victim of Typhoon Haiyan or for a drug addict.	Such an image of God may also be of our own making, but it at least provides us with a vision of hope and faith in a God of grace, mercy, and compassion.	Their lack of humanity, of compassion, of love, mars their very existence.	This story is set as the man is going down from Jerusalem when he is ignored by the priest and the Levite, but shown compassion from the Samaritan.	None other than Dylan Thomas, with his rhetorical verse, could have brought to life with such gaiety and compassion the little fishing village of Llareggub.	Jeff's a man with integrity and compassion who nevertheless finds himself at the end of the line thanks to the poor choices and unwise decisions he's made in life.	The Athenian alliance with the Argives, the Boeotians and the Corinthians against Sparta in the Corinthian War is portrayed as a gesture of compassion for the weak.	It encourages discussion which goes beyond the powerful qualities of superheroes to consider qualities such as helpfulness, kindness, compassion and generosity.	If you are practicing compassion and loving kindness toward beings, there is no need for you to aspire to be born in a noble or influential family.	Bichir manages to be gruff but sensitive, honest yet mysterious, making Ruiz a mix of righteousness and compassion.	The Reverend's writings on the Brahma viharas are greatly inspired by the radiant Compassion of Kuan Yin.	To explain some further aspects of visualization meditation, we can go through the basic stages of a short practice of Avalokiteshvara, the bodhisattva of compassion.	She sustains a neat balance between ambition and compassion, femininity and ballsiness which allows at least a glimpse into the war correspondent's dilemma.	It is no wonder that he constantly preached about our welcome of the stranger and our compassion for the outcast.	For too long, progressives have been squeamish about citing those moral imperatives, as though compassion were the third rail in American politics.	Others channel their feelings into sudden acts of compassion, as when some bend the rules in order to medivac out a wounded 12-year-old Iraqi boy.	Learn to respect and reciprocate small gestures of concern, kindness, compassion and humanity.	Now, because he was her client, she tried to look with compassion instead of disdain or repugnance at his unskillful behavior and all the ways he shut himself off.	So the crippled beg for food but are shown little compassion.	As badass as Howard is, he exudes genuine compassion and respect not only for his teammates but also his fellow footballers.	America must remain a nation of reason and compassion, not xenophobia.	She credits Gandhi and Nelson Mandela for teaching her about compassion.	He must be a symbol of decisiveness, wisdom, and compassion.	Compassion is at least as key in education as in almsgiving.	Julian lived in a time of turmoil, but her theology was optimistic and spoke of God's omnibenevolence and love in terms of joy and compassion.	He showed kindness to every living being and emphasized the practice of nonviolence, compassion, and forgiveness.	But the doctorly qualities of wisdom and compassion must be joined by professional courage.	He feels a displacency at every offence against God, but only tender compassion to the offender.	As a result, compassion is left at the churchhouse door, and the truly needy must look elsewhere for help.	Good deeds, such as charity, prayer and compassion towards animals, will be rewarded with entry to heaven.	Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.	Forgiveness, compassion, tolerance, brotherhood and the feeling of oneness are the signs of a true religion.	His last requests to Pizarro were that his remains be transported to Quito, and that he have compassion on his children.	Each man has only a quantum of compassion, he argued, and mine is used up for the day.	It has lost nothing of its force, its strong emotional impact of indignation and compassion.	Given the testosteronal fug surrounding these two, it can be hard to sort out who gets the gold medal for compassion and commitment.	A vegan lifestyle seeks to promote awareness, compassion, and peace. Veganism is an ethical system as well as a diet.	Some of those factors include shift work, high stress, compassion fatigue, and work hazard exposures.	The insight provided by the text is that egalitarian policies pursued out of genuine compassion are at least meritable.	Suzanne Laurin raconte cette saga avec brio et compassion dans Ia troisieme partie de l'ouvrage.	It seemeth, that the generality of things doth in some sort suffer for our annullation, and takes compassion of our state.	There's nothing so humbling as being a dunce in a foreign tongue, and if it weren't for her compassion, we'd have lost heart after two weeks.	Issues such as dealing with bullying or abusive patients, family members and visitors, and advice on avoiding compassion fatigue are also addressed.	Was it the business of magic to humanize our natures with compassion?	They must be accepted with respect, compassion, and sensitivity.	The lyrics ultimately paint a picture of dystopia, the inevitable result of a world devoid of empathy and compassion, answering the question posed in the opening lines.	Many modern diseases are created or aggravated by our modern disconnections from nature, our communities, and the benign intangible forces that watch over us with compassion.	Through his alter-egos Daemon or Badger McGee, Sharp deftly interweaves a colorful quilt of Logos and Eros, full of compassion, good humor and Jungian wisdom.	Seagal's compassion might be more apparent if he hadn't just murdered 700 oil-rig and security guards and set off multiple catastrophic explosions on behalf of plankton.	The failure to constitutionalize the question of access to civil justice is not merely a want of generosity, faddishness, political correctness, or even compassion.	A common thread we have found with sufferers of compassion fatigue symptoms has been the progressive loss in their sense of connection and community.	Sophies family would like to thank everyone in the surgical intensive care unit at Memorial Hospital, for their kindness, compassion, and exceptional care.	Compassion is, after all, a central value of the Judeo-Christian ethic.	Lepailleur shouted those words in such accents of rageful despair that Mathieu, full of compassion, made bold to intervene.	That never boggled at unworthiness if there was the slightest reason for compassion.	Hogni would have been lucky if he had shown severity rather than compassion to Hedin when he had once conquered him.	And as she talked, the forest and all therein felt a great compassion for her.	Her face was pale, and there was in it the kind of compassion that one might imagine a spirit to feel for a wayworn mortal.	He tried to think of something to say, and gave it up, stultified by his compassion.	Deianira is struck with compassion for their lot, and with admiration of the noble bearing of one of them, Iole.	He was touched with living compassion and was moved to free her therefrom by pity for the grievous state in which she was.	There were no divinity, but by reason of compassion for revenges are brutish and mortal.	For a moment Drummond's mind was filled with a lordly compassion towards him.	And he asked that he might be assisted in the name both of equity and compassion.	It brought out again all her compassion for me, and at the renewed touch of her kindness my power to resist broke down.	Or we can deny our brokenness, forswear compassion, and, as a result, deny our humanity.	My wife, who was present, scoffed at my compassion, which made her malice of no avail.	Her forehead had been strikingly expressive of an engrossing terror and compassion that saw nothing but the peril of the accused.	And though I had bought them out of compassion, after living with them I began to like them.
English	Polish	contribute	przyczyniæ siê	During the course of development, GABAergic interneurons contribute to key aspects of the functional maturation of the cortex in different ways.	This was more of a brainstorming session, which is better than a blamestorm, and we were all invited to share and contribute.	Beach hogwort and beach primrose probably also contribute to the diet of these birds.	Increased 1,25 2 D levels should stimulate the intestinal hyperabsorption of Ca and contribute to the hypercalciuria observed in such patients.	I've opened an account with Wikipedia so that I can contribute and partake in the project.	The Home Nations also contribute players to a unified team known as the British and Irish Lions.	This would safeguard the taxing rights of the colonies from future infringement while enabling them to contribute to maintenance of the empire.	Ben Nevis's popularity, climate and complex topography contribute to a high number of mountain rescue incidents.	Residents contribute to a National Health Insurance Plan through salary deduction and nominal user fees.	Later on, movement of the ice sheet would contribute to the separation of what are now Long Island and Staten Island.	Over time, wealth condensation can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society.	Cancer is a complex multigenetic disease, and different genetic backgrounds may contribute to the discrepancy.	De Valera hoped Wittgenstein's presence would contribute to the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies which he was soon to set up.	Traffic emissions, such as from trucks, buses, and automobiles, also contribute.	The facility will contribute to numerous ESA space probes, as well as CONAE's own, domestic research projects.	Differing methods of measuring voter turnout can contribute to reported differences between nations.	Temperature increases also may contribute to the melting of lithosphere dragged down in a subduction zone.	The zinc chelator phytate, found in seeds and cereal bran, can contribute to zinc malabsorption.	The melting of ice under high pressures is thought to contribute to the movement of glaciers.	At the age of two, they usually become sexually active, but do not contribute significantly to egg production until the age of four.	Their exurbs and rural villages contribute to low unemployment in the administrative county as shown below.	Microscopic photosynthetic algae contribute a larger proportion of the world's photosynthetic output than all the terrestrial forests combined.	Taxpayers who do not wish to fund a religion contribute their share to the state welfare system.	However, soils containing clay can be almost impermeable and therefore rainfall on clay soils will run off and contribute to flood volumes.	In addition to direct effects, this caused feedback effects as ocean currents contribute to global heat transfer.	Both the male and the female contribute to building the nest, and to defending the nest and egg.	Ploughing in agriculture and development are activities that contribute most to nutrient loading.	A vassal needed economic resources to equip the cavalry he was bound to contribute to his lord to fight his frequent wars.	When Guderian was invited to contribute to the plan during informal discussions, he proposed a radical and novel idea.	Greek epigrams contribute their share in Pliny's descriptions of pictures and statues.	Selection bias amongst researchers may contribute to biased empirical research for modern estimates of biodiversity.	Territoriality and aggression contribute greatly to the rabbits maturation process and help ensure survival of the population.	These variations in the Arctic all contribute to ice drift reaching its weakest point during the summer months.	Atlantic deep water is thought to spill into the Caribbean and contribute to the general deep water of its sea.	We're trying to raise money for a new school, and we're hoping that everyone will contribute.	It does not contribute to making thrust so makes the engine less efficient.	Parish councils have powers to provide some facilities themselves, or they can contribute towards their provision by others.	One would expect that LOD scores based on small sample sizes would be unstable and contribute to lack of replication.	Private citizens with an interest in the road could be asked to contribute to its repair.	Etiquette guidelines cover matters such as safety, fairness, pace of play, and a player's obligation to contribute to the care of the course.	Factors in a rider's physical geometry that contribute to seating posture include torso, arm, thigh and leg length, and overall rider height.	Although our data cannot help explain why this occurs, we infer that microfluctuations in accommodation contribute to VA instability.	William also required his newly created magnates to contribute fixed quotas of knights towards not only military campaigns but also castle garrisons.	This heat flux is believed to contribute to the high rate of evaporation in the South Atlantic, a key mechanism in the Meridional Overturning Circulation.	It is using some fuel that does not contribute to the engine's thrust.	Temperatures in Central America are highest just prior to the summer wet season, and are lowest during the winter dry season, when trade winds contribute to a cooler climate.	The controversy is over how much they contribute to Earth's overall reserves and how much time and effort geologists should devote to seeking them out.	Website content can largely be provided by the publisher, or interactive where users contribute content or the content depends upon the user or their actions.	Asians, especially those of Chinese, Indian descent, and Javenese Indonesians, form a significant minority in the region and also contribute to multiracial communities.	Critics contend that tax disadvantages to investments in education contribute to a shortage of educated labor, inefficiency, and slower economic growth.	Pax3 and Pax7 are paired box transcription factors that contribute to early striated muscle development and are expressed in the dermatomyotome of paraxial mesoderm.	He felt frustrated that he could not contribute to the war effort.	In the UK, fulmar are noted as a common prey species and as such may contribute to locally high levels of DDT and PCB chemicals in nesting eagles.	Such events may both result from and contribute to global warming.	There are a number of social clubs and organisations operating within Glenrothes which contribute to the cultural and community offerings of the town.	Mutations in nuclear genes that encode proteins that mitochondria use can also contribute to mitochondrial diseases.	Innocent urged Henry to send Edmund with an army to reclaim Sicily from Frederick's son Manfred, offering to contribute to the expenses of the campaign.	As well as the proposer, other members normally contribute to the debate.	Although multinational corporations dominate Ireland's export sector, exports from other sources also contribute significantly to the national income.	Loons may inadvertently ingest small lead pellets, released by anglers and hunters, that will contribute to lead poisoning and the loon's eventual death.	At the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, it was announced that Duffy would return to acting with a starring role in the film Secret Love and would contribute to its soundtrack.	These boats are consumable items and contribute significantly to the running costs of the metallizer.	Compared to many other factors that contribute to an endangered species, nutritional stress is the most proximate cause to population decline.	The energy of photons, the kinetic energy of emitted particles, and, later, the thermal energy of the surrounding matter, all contribute to the invariant mass of the system.	Several factors other than discrimination may contribute to this gap.	Polysulfides and thiophenes enter whiskey through the distillation process and contribute to its roasted flavor.	Such profits contribute to the education and healthcare of the community.	Several further diseases that contribute to golden eagle deaths have been examined in Japan.	To use absolutely no word that does not contribute to the presentation.	Therefore, those outputs of Period 1 which are not used or usable as inputs of Period 2 are regarded as unproductive labour, as they do not contribute to growth.	However, the loss of the clan chief's power and patronage and widespread emigration did contribute to its decline.	Each individual toss will contribute a different mix of materials depending upon the activity associated with that particular toss.
English	Polish	yield	przynieæ	In addition, the raffia palms, of which there are various species in the African tropics and a few in S. America, yield oil.	This low yield grade for cattle with high quality grades is most likely a result of early weaning and Wagyu genetics.	And what is more, there is declining yield from successive generations of hybrid cattle.	Accordingly, it does not yield knowledge, if knowledge involves understanding and not just well-founded conviction.	The ten-year yield to maturity slipped to 14.31 per cent on a weighted average basis.	Approximately two shot glasses of ethanol could yield enough hydrogen to generate 350 watt-hours of electricity, enough to power half a dozen 60-watt lightbulbs for an hour.	Cottonseeds treated with this would yield 20 quintals per acre, a quantity farmers do not dream of even with the best of the BT-Cotton seeds.	How many other questions would yield more wrong answers on the Web than right ones?	The potato leafhopper is active during the summer months, and can cause severe yield and quality losses in alfalfa.	Even though the currency is the same in each case, the yield required by the market is higher for some countries' debt than for others.	With a crop yield four times higher than oats, they became an integral part of crofting.	Navy sought a replacement with either a larger yield or equivalent destructive power.	Once early farmers perfected their agricultural techniques like irrigation, their crops would yield surpluses that needed storage.	The present demographic transition stage of India along with its higher population base will yield rich demographic dividend in future decades.	The surface mud of a pond, ditch, or lagoon will almost always yield some diatoms.	The global bathymetry is sometimes combined with topography data to yield a Global Relief Model.	Baltic amber is distinguished by its yield of succinic acid, hence the name succinite.	Overoptimizing the source code of a computer program may yield insignificant performance gains while making it difficult to read and maintain.	As input to the steady state design and kinetic simulation models for the activated sludge system, the correct value for the heterotroph anoxic yield is essential.	When a high yield value is desired in a plastisol, a thixotrope or antisag agent may be added.	The appearance, yield, storability, and mechanical harvestability are seriously affected.	Eventually the excavation would yield 1,045 burials, although no settlement has yet been found.	But during its lifetime, a single macaw left in the wild might yield more than 16 times as much in tourist income.	Experts believe it may also yield clues as to the boundary of the ancient Anglo Saxon kingdoms of Mercia and Northumbria.	He explains demand for goods as based on their ability to yield a flow of income.	This can yield stiff and lifeless performances in slower more expressive cues.	This, they argued, would allow for the Christopher Hill peace process to proceed and yield a peace agreement.	Over the last fifty years, dairy farming has become more intensive to increase the yield of milk produced by each cow.	In the United States, the state of Texas led in total production as of 2004, while the state of California had the highest yield per acre.	Also, the yield of the peanut crop itself is increased in rotations, through reduced diseases, pests and weeds.	If the subject appears first, there is an SVO order, but it can also yield orders such as OVS and others.	It may be added, as a final recommendation of rape culture, that this plant is valuable for its yield of honey.	In the year 2007, the global yield was 25 million tons from 35 million hectares cultivated in more than 50 countries.	Cutting down on wasted seed was important because the yield of seeds harvested to seeds planted at that time was around four or five.	This pumping of airstream in with bellows is known as cold blast, and it increases the fuel efficiency of the bloomery and improves yield.	With almost twice the yield as chemical pulping, mechanical pulps is often cheaper.	Drought stress causes yield reductions and sometimes total crop failures in rainfed rice areas of Asia, Africa, and Latin America.	Setting aside all other considerations, I will endeavour to know the truth, and yield to that.	Although acutely conscious of living in a 'wilderness,' they stoutheartedly refused to yield an inch to pioneer prejudices or frontier values.	Furthermore, the potential for sales through bankassurance agreements has yet to yield any real volume.	During dry years the project could yield 150,000 acre-feet that would be pumped out of the aquifer and piped to the aqueduct.	Just one pepper wevil larva among 100 peppers could be a harbinger of serious yield losses later in the season.	It measures the risk of winterkill, that is, yield losses caused by low temperatures during the winter season.	Meetings of campfire folk and glitchy electronica can sometimes yield yawnsome coffee table fodder.	The yield stress of a material is usually defined as the maximum stress, below which no flow will occur.	Japanese bunching onions yield a steady supply of stems you can use like scallions.	If cattle are removed at jointing, there will be very little yield loss.	For a transmitted radar signal, the polarization can be controlled to yield different effects.	Thyle, which was distant from Orkney by a voyage of five days and nights, was fruitful and abundant in the lasting yield of its crops.	Cultivars vary in their yield and the ultimate size of the tree, even when grown on the same rootstock.	Some exact yield estimates, such as that of the Tsar Bomba and the tests by India and Pakistan in 1998, are somewhat contested among specialists.	A 2015 report by Citibank concluded that transitioning to a low carbon economy would yield positive return on investments.	The macroscopic yield strength of cancellous bone has been investigated using high resolution computer models.	It is indeed the peculiarity of a cavalry force quickly to win and as quickly to yield a victory.	Experts believe it may also yield clues as to the boundary of the Anglo Saxon kingdoms of Mercia and Northumbria.	Irrigation is helpful in advancing the sowing data of the summer crops which guarantees an early yield in the period of food shortage.	In the situation which you find yourself there can be no other thought but to stand fast, yield not a yard of ground and throw every gun and every man into the battle.	The second is to develop a new generation of further improved contrast agent that can yield more intense myocardial contrast after intravenous injection.	The wash water was then evaporated to yield solid sodium carbonate.	Most acids dissolve in water to yield the corresponding anions.	The annual yield from all fisheries worldwide is about 154 million tons, with popular species including herring, cod, anchovy, tuna, flounder, and salmon.	In short, he must remanure the ground, and remanured potato crops don't yield a large profit at all, their great value being to prepare the ground for future crops.	Growth overfishing occurs when fish are harvested at an average size that is smaller than the size that would produce the maximum yield per recruit.	The shallower shoreline waters of the continents and the more temperate islands yield herring, salmon, sardines, snapper, swordfish, and tuna, as well as shellfish.	These practices increase yield of the various commercial outputs, but have led to increased concerns about animal welfare and environmental impact.	Can each of these treatyless allies brook equality or must there be a clash for the purpose of determining which shall yield supremacy to the other?	Kovacs related the accoustical properties of ADI to yield strength, tensile strength, elongation and density as a function of the austenitizing and austempering temperatures.	The noise and antinoise signals combine to yield near silence.	He turned the handle as he spoke, but the door did not yield. We threw ourselves against it. With a crash it burst open, and we almost fell headlong into the room.	Similarly, some species of Silybum that occur as weeds, also are cultivated for seeds that yield vegetable oil and pharmaceutical compounds such as Silibinin.	The timing of harvest is an important decision to maximize yield.	All that blooth means heavy autumn work for him and his hands. If no blight happens before the setting the apple yield will be such as we have not had for years.	Forest management laws generally adopt management policies, such as multiple use and sustained yield, by which public forest resources are to be managed.	On poorer medium soils mixed grain still gives a satisfactory yield where each single component, grown by itself, would often result in a misyield.	Hence, soil types that yield a radiometric signature quite unlike that of the underlying rock can be assumed to be composed of transported or highly weathered material.	Both cultured pearls and natural pearls can be extracted from pearl oysters, though other molluscs, such as the freshwater mussels, also yield pearls of commercial value.	They concluded that yield stress and coefficient of adhesive friction are the two most important parameters that can significantly influence the scratch depth of a polymer.	The calyces become charged with oil glands, and yield a greater abundance of volatile oil.	But do not expect to obtain the full yield of a cow the first year after calving.	Thom says that Boletus laricis and Polyporus fomentarius yield the amadou of commerce.	Aaron worked away at it, right vigorously, but it would not yield.	The yield of cellulose fiber is close to fifty per cent of the air-dry weight of the wood.	Like the Laws of the Duel, they should yield to some arbitrament of reason.	From the Tank Site the artifact yield per cubic foot almost doubled that of the 1947 season.	I hope she may be, for Captain Benbow is not a man to yield to a pirate.	A well-fed, plump Huzza Porpoise will yield you one good gallon of good oil.	The kernels of the bitter almond also yield it by distillation, mixed with an essential oil.	They keep religion alive, and make it bourgeon and yield the new fruits for which the generations hunger.	With calcium it is said to yield a scarlet, sparingly soluble in water.	This consultive Diet was forced to yield, the following year, 1848, to the popular demand for a more representative assembly.	With chicle at fifty cents a pound at the dock, that should yield a profit.	Effects of nitrogen fertilization and rice harvest height on agronomic yield indices of ratoon rice-berseem clover intercropping system.	The constipation, which had been very obstinate, also began to yield.	Fresenius and Will, given above, in which the value of the carbonates is estimated by their yield of carbonic anhydride.	And then they all three cried, Sir Knight, we yield us unto you as man of might matchless.	During the champing colic may set in, which will only yield when the fits are established.	An impression, I am told, sometimes gets abroad that we yield to clamour.	During his visit, Annan expressed certainty that with his presence at the mausoleum of Imam Khomeini, his mission in Iran would yield good results.	But, for reasons the most imperative, she could not yield to his request.
English	Polish	relevant	stosowny	Looking at the way the relevant paragraph is worded, I can see how it might be read that way.	Any recoverable benefits paid to the victim of an accident, injury or disease in the relevant period are recoverable from the compensator.	Maximum contractile and relaxant responses to the relevant antagonists were expressed as a percentage of the control maximum response.	It's easy to overlook the relevant box and users can easily end up with a listing they really don't want.	After breaking into the spotlight over 30 years ago, Neil Young has the distinction of still remaining relevant.	I just like to make records that I believe are conscious or socially relevant.	We welcome the fact that the initiative is structured to be simple to administer yet provide accessible, relevant and actionable information.	The motive which actuates a peace officer in making a demand is not a relevant consideration when the demand has been acceded to.	For individual syndromes, additional acupoints were added to correct the deficiency of the relevant organs.	In the good old days the council switchboard put you through to the relevant department.	The reality is that each case has to be judged in relation to all the circumstances which are relevant to it.	When reviewing cases, councils will also need to take into account any fresh case law judgments from the Appeal Court that may be relevant.	Such provisions sometimes admit of multiple interpretations, especially when jurists ignore the relevant history and precedents.	Although the husband had only forty-seven days in totality within the relevant twelve months he had made nine arrivals within the jurisdiction.	It failed to react quickly to international developments and advances in relevant fields.	To assume that relevant data exist is to beg all the questions relating to the entrepreneurial process of discovering new avenues of advancement.	This council will replace the relevant functions of the Whitley Councils covering non-Review Body staff.	More relevant is the fact that the movement is rapidly gaining strength among Palestinians.	There is now a piece of legislation which re-enacts, substantially, the relevant provisions of the Customs Act.	We currently are in the consultation process with the relevant works councils.	To achieve this it has had to make sure that all relevant facts are carefully considered.	There will be a chance to take part in a summer school as well as undertake relevant work experience and community service projects.	They in turn would identify the relevant vehicle and stop it at a safe place in order to speak to the driver.	Aghion, moreover, covers all the relevant topics in sufficient depth to escape any suspicion of reductiveness, at least as far as I am concerned.	You must therefore plan carefully to make sure you are covering relevant material.	The play is set in the 1970s, but almost 30 years later this story of society's need for scapegoats remains disturbingly relevant.	Click on the relevant links to hear Spencer's sound recordings from the trip.	Lastly, Mr. Robinson points out the offer to settle was withdrawn by the defendants and, therefore is not relevant.	The water fountain example is relevant because it is the type of thing sleazy companies will do to get around regs.	The lapse of time was relevant to the need to consider carefully whether the landowners' interests had been prejudiced by the delay.	The following recitals explain the background and underlying policy of the Directive, so far as relevant for present purposes.	As such, the usefulness of trademarks in establishing brand names is their relevant aspect here.	The judge held that there was no financial inducement which led Watford to accept the relevant contract term.	On the following pages you will find key maps and interactive maps to help you find the relevant authorities for shooting permissions.	With so many remnants of colonial policies surviving in India, what could have been just a curious insight thus becomes sadly relevant.	We have to continue to ensure our conference stays relevant to today's teaching issues.	This reliance on contemporary artists is an important part of Tate Britain's strategy for staying relevant.	If not, please call me and explain and then maybe I can contact the relevant people.	The most relevant candidate for this kind of investigation is 19 F-labeled tryptophan, besides other aromatic and aliphatic amino acids.	But as regards the insurgency, they're evidently not particularly relevant at all.	I wrote to the manager of the relevant trust asking if funds were available for the work.	For discretionary lifers this minimum period is known as the ' relevant part ' of the sentence.	I do not see why there has to be any particular time limitation, as long as you are achieving some legitimate purpose relevant to alienage.	We must keep it going long-term and make it relevant to people here and over there.	It was far more relevant to the age group being examined and far better pitched, he said.	Given that the abnegation of the ego is enjoined by almost every spiritual tradition, this becomes relevant across the spectrum of faiths.	Cardholders will simply swipe their card through a reader to gain access to the relevant forms of transport.	One can always absorb the ideas and relevant theory and then update the information later.	This is the form in which the European Court abstracted the relevant part of Article 6 in paragraph of its decision.	The first two factors are relevant to the advancement of women not only in academe but in the broader society, too.	A mobile phone or PDA with a bar-code reader would simply scan the object's code to download any relevant information.	Obviously, any major troop movement must be based on a government decision that takes all relevant factors into account.	They want all information relevant to their question so they can formulate an answer.	Did the Minister leave relevant matter out of account in deciding to make the Order?	He quoted directly the relevant paragraph of the federal code, which outlaws paying persons to register or to vote.	In some cases, it takes up to two hours for council officials to access the relevant web page.	Ahead of the seif push, in hopes of staying relevant, the SNC traveled to Doha to make its own attempt at becoming more inclusive.	In other words, to count as an instance of an allographic work, a performance has to take into account performance practice relevant to the period.	Traditional Irish reels were played at relevant intervals during the Mass.	In these exciting postmodern times, the old school elemental weapons of wand, pentacle, sword and cup are just no longer relevant to our 21st century lives.	To identify effective interventions and their relative effectiveness in preventing such falls, we conducted a meta-analysis of relevant randomised controlled trials.	My debate partner in Virginia was articulate, educated, likable, and familiar with a vast range of relevant scientific research.	Two independent reviewers selected the relevant abstracts and articles.	A case tribunal which adjudicates on any matter must decide whether or not any person has failed to comply with the code of conduct of the relevant authority concerned.	Why is this relevant to a discussion of the commission's remit?	Whistle, available now, offers an easy and digestible way for owners to get the most relevant info on your dog's activities.	It is looking for projects to support and opportunities to aid family development and address issues relevant to children and young people, such as new safe play areas.	Fortnightly there will also be a column by a local correspondent on a burning issue relevant to the locale, with the opportunity for users to register their opinions.	But you bet I am going to take this case and make it relevant.	How has a couturier whose name is rarely recognized remained culturally relevant?	And viewers certainly must have wondered why a Miami chiropractor was relevant to this election.	When Apple Watch comes out early next year, it will be cooler and more relevant than any Rolex or Cartier.	As a general test, any case where the relevant organisation would refuse to re-engage the individual to work with children should be referred to the Service for consideration.	Many aspects of plant biology are relevant to this challenge, and modern genomic biology will be essential to complement traditional physiological and agronomical studies.	Perhaps the most interesting and indeed relevant of this is the C2 addresses found in the malware.	The ideas and observations expressed in the book are still relevant today.	And stories in the bush may not seem relevant in the big smoke, but try telling that to a cocky.	Given the scarcity of relevant historical detail in the New Testament, we are left with only a general outline about Joseph.	The combination of ATP deletion and glycotoxic stress is likely to occur in many contexts relevant to human pathology.	Considering the early cemeteries of Kent, most relevant finds come from furnished graves with distinctive links to the Continent.	Under the republic that followed, some questioned whether Magna Carta, an agreement with a monarch, was still relevant.	Some NHS charities have their own independent board of trustees whilst in other cases the relevant NHS Trust acts as a corporate Trustee.	Devolved territories have the power to make legislation relevant to the area.	It also ensures that relevant UK legislation is extended to the islands smoothly.	Careful brand management seeks to make products or services relevant to a target audience.	Information asymmetry arises here, if the seller has more relevant information than the buyer but no incentive to disclose it.	Admission to the diploma requires as UK degree or equivalent plus relevant experience.	Thus, relevant mid-term complications, such as humeral head necrosis, malunion and nonunion may not have been detected.	Milton's Areopagitica is still cited as relevant to the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.	The middle line of the front wall is the service line and is only relevant during serves.	For the great majority of listeners, other aspects of music, different from microtemporal PDs, must be relevant for triggering body movement.	Recognised primary and secondary schools must adhere to the curriculum established by the relevant authorities.	Entities other than states can also be relevant in power acquisition in international relations.	The House of Lords, she argues, currently has enough power to make it relevant.	The issue of economic inequality is relevant to notions of equity, equality of outcome, and equality of opportunity.	Fractures are localized as pressure drops off with the rate of frictional loss, which is relevant to the distance from the well.	A child's age on 1 September determines the point of entry into the relevant stage of education.	In many of the stories, Holmes dives into an apparent mess to find an item most relevant to a mystery.	Each Commissioner comes before a relevant parliamentary committee hearing covering the proposed portfolio.	Some nonactualized possible communities should be included among those communities whose relevant alternatives constitute the relevant union set.	Though a few other documents of the period do exist, such as Gildas' letters on monasticism, they are not directly relevant to British history.	As well as a distinct reverse design, these coins have an edge inscription relevant to the subject.	The relevant mapping scale is dependent on the context of the investigation.	In the United States, for example, the relevant implementation legislation is the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships.	Urbanization is relevant to a range of disciplines, including geography, sociology, economics, urban planning, and public health.	The total NECC is found by simply integrating M over the relevant latitudes.	This means that the hardiness zones relevant to Britain and Ireland are quite high, from 7 to 10, as shown below.	Housing must provide access to feed, water and protection from relevant environmental conditions.	Moldova has accepted all relevant arms control obligations of the former Soviet Union.	To call Mao either the saint or the devil of China is relevant only to those who see history as a branch of ponerology.	Cartagena highlights in number of inhabitants and the city of Bucaramanga is relevant in terms of metropolitan area population.	The IDB is developing relevant projects in coordination with the Provincial Municipality of Trujillo.	The formula for deriving the covert form, in which the relevant inflections do not occur in the main verb, is.	It is expected to provide relevant information about regional priorities and in this way foster productive, inclusive, and sustainable growth.	When deciding whether an act is dangerous, knowledge of the victim's characteristics may be relevant.	The doctrine arises in both English criminal law, and in civil law, where it is relevant to English contract law and English trusts law.	The exercise of this power is limited by adherence to precedent, and when legislation or the common law already specify the relevant remedy.	Step three is finding relevant features within the analogy of the two concepts.	Furthermore, according to the existing literature, relevant determinants of firm performance are derived from each dimension of the model.	It will also be relevant to immigration, entitlement to social security and similar benefits, family law, contract, etc.	Without statistically relevant data for backing and implicit generalization, there is no guarantee that the generalization is correct.	Sheriffs prepared cases for trial and found jurors with relevant knowledge and testimony.	He undertook a closer reading of the college's charter and associated Acts and divided the relevant passage into two clauses.	The foregoing is the theory and application presuming compliance with the relevant law.	This gives results which are practically relevant, but the method of generating the sample of simulated elections can still be arguably biased.	His mother provided some relevant background information concerning his medical condition.	The boundaries of what constitutes a market and what does not are relevant distinctions to make in economic analysis.	A patent can be found invalid on grounds described in the relevant patent laws, which vary between countries.	Commonly, a nation forms a patent office with responsibility for operating that nation's patent system, within the relevant patent laws.	Often, previously-known results will be streamlined, reworded, or reproven to make them directly relevant to the results of this paper.	A relevant mesh is then built from this cloud by way of tetrahedralization.	In denying APL's request for reconsideration, the Court found that APL failed to provide any newly discovered material or relevant facts.	They long since ceased to be relevant in current music terms, but there is no denying one of the greatest back catalogues in the business.	A CPAP acclimation program designed to improve both the titration outcome and overall patient compliance is also relevant.	As things stand, we usually receive fields and other relevant information for UK race meetings at about 6pm South African time the day before.	Allied Health Research grants support research projects relevant to clinical practice.	One such method involves the choice of using an alter-ego or using content relevant to the client.	Just one click will take users to relevant information provided by the annotator.	Provided that the relevant entities exist, parthood is not antisymmetric and proper parthood is neither asymmetric nor transitive.	This requires the rigor of a management-driven product rationalization process based on relevant data.	Each chapter addresses a specific body region, and reviews the relevant osteology, arthrology, mycology, and neurology.	Activities like soccer are not as easily renderable statistically, because the relevant spatial structures are harder to quantify.	The argument is unsound also because it presupposes that arguers must recognize the truth of norms, but, in fact, an arguer need only behave as if the relevant norms are true.	These duties apply equally to both large employers as well as small and micro employers, provided they employ at least one relevant jobholder, which includes parttime workers.	A block of trials of the relevant baseline anteceded each probe block.	Dear Editor, In celebration of World Autism Day tomorrow, it is relevant to consider the needs of a particular subgroup of autism, namely children with Asperger's syndrome.	Concerns relevant to operative management in the obese include difficulty with patient positioning, access to the abdominal cavity, visualization, and ventilation.	It then sends a message to the table updation object to create a new entry in the track table using the relevant information extracted from the flight plan table.	Because your messages will be relevant to them, they are much more likely to retweet your messages and recommend that other people follow you on Twitter.	A natural monopoly is an organization that experiences increasing returns to scale over the relevant range of output and relatively high fixed costs.
English	Polish	welfare	dobrobyt	What got me back was that I was on food stamps and welfare and I had a family to support.	Athletes usually take these supplements recklessly with no regard for their welfare.	The welfare losses by this small group of consumers can be large enough that, in aggregate, there is a total welfare loss to consumers.	We must look behind these numbers to see if how families fare after leaving welfare.	The Government wants to keep putting up taxes in order to support its welfare expenditure.	First, cuts in welfare and other social programs have reduced government health insurance.	The German government feared Americanization of the health sector and financial instability for the welfare state in general.	The Swedes have a lavish welfare state married to a healthy economy and the best social mobility in the world.	Concessions made to the working class included a considerable welfare state and decent public services.	The welfare state has meant security and an opportunity for development for many of your people.	Council housing was incorporated as a pillar of the welfare state by the 1945 Labour government.	Pension provision has become a major political issue in virtually every country with vestiges of a social welfare state.	The two guiding principles linking the social and economic debates must therefore be welfare to work, and work and family.	The intention of the program was a change in paradigm from welfare to work.	It only began to get interested because of the implications for welfare to work and to facilitate women's employment.	They had to preach, administer the sacraments and look after the spiritual welfare of the people.	The welfare of the people of Britain could not rise above a level set by the balance of people and land.	Looking after the health and welfare of their flocks should be a normal part of all poultry keepers' practices.	The welfare of the tree is our main concern and we will do what we can to protect it.	In order to stimulate a recessive economy and pay for the cost of escalating welfare programs, Congress will add to the national debt.	Pensioners and other welfare recipients in the cities did not get the chance to air their views.	Cuts to income assistance rates will increase the number of homeless people in the province, predict groups concerned about renters on welfare.	Representatives from various associated agencies and courts from around the country concerned with children's welfare were in attendance.	How can you be proud of being an independent country if the government is unable to improve its citizens' welfare?	The National Pension Program is an important landmark in Taiwan's evolution toward a welfare state.	She is struggling to frame herself as being different from her minority party backers by hopping into welfare mums.	The commission also recommends that social welfare payments should be deducted from the appropriate component of any award of damages.	In fact, the younger Packer seems to have been neither a dedicated anticapitalist nor an uncritical advocate of the welfare state.	There are various reasons, then, why many citizens have supported right-wing parties which seek to retrench the welfare state.	She had wide interests, was a keen dinghy sailor and took an active part in youth welfare.	The welfare of the people is contingent upon preserving and safeguarding our national unity.	But, while Britain may have led the world in interest in animal welfare, British governments have led the world in resistance to change.	Instead he is modeling himself on the party's alchemist who rebuilt the welfare state and ran a budget surplus in a time of penury.	We may be about to reengage in a debate that was abandoned in 1996 when welfare reform was passed.	Pet care Pet Owners, vets, kennels, stables, breeders, grooms, catteries, pet shops, liveries, and animal welfare all use our health supplements.	During the campaign, he was confronted by a man who spoke loosely and negligently of illegitimate children and the welfare system.	The defence had been expected to rip into the witness's credibility, citing false claims in the past for sexual harassment and welfare payments.	Civilian employers are concerned about your welfare and want you to return home safe and sound.	Therefore, he argues, it is a disguised form of workfare as it will require people to work before they get welfare benefits.	Furthermore, forcing welfare recipients onto workfare has forced many young people to drop out of school or training programs.	We rewarded initiative and reinforced the work ethic with our tax cuts and welfare reforms.	Ya Basta call for free movement of citizens and for placing a greater value on the welfare of communities rather than market forces.	It means rescuing Britain from mid-Atlantic ambiguity and locating it within the European value system of public welfare and social solidarity.	There are many women who, as abbesses or as ordinary nuns, did much for learning and welfare.	We have always been concerned with the welfare of those Indian workers who travel to distant shores in search of higher remuneration.	Membership is open to all and the only qualification required is an interest in the welfare of your community.	Those of us who have spent many years in animal welfare work have often come to see the worst of animal cruelty, abuse and neglect.	The government committed to large expenditures in social welfare programs with the signing of the peace accords to end the civil war.	A Scot and a keen sportsman he had extended the company's welfare and recreation activities.	Their help and support over the past few months have made an immense difference to the welfare and happiness of our family.	We have been let down by people who should have been looking after Laura's health and welfare and we are all devastated.	If you are interested in animal welfare there are two young dogs urgently in need of homes.	However, housing some birds would not be in their interest where health and welfare is concerned.	The agency said the decision was taken to ensure the children's safety and welfare.	He had no thought but for me, my welfare, my comfort, my safety, my happiness.	He has not been heard from since, and there are grave concerns for his safety and welfare.	He was found guilty of failing to ensure the health, safety and welfare of his employees.	It's total disregard for the financial and emotional welfare of everyone involved.	It is your programme in writing for managing health, safety and welfare within your business.	Political involvement was the foundation of all social welfare and public service.	To be sure, every increase in wages and social welfare measures boosts demand.	They want more spent on education, health and welfare and they want it now.	Firstly immigrants and refugees are not a drain on the NHS and the social welfare services.	Health spending, welfare and aged care benefits are seen as the main culprits.	The youth criminal justice system is expanding into areas that child welfare services would once have intervened in.	Social welfare, designed to fill the gap where the family can no longer provide, hardly exists.	Social welfare service employees and municipal inspectors are also on strike.	After a storm of protest, the conservation group agreed to talk to animal welfare groups to see if there was a way to save both hedgehogs and birds.	The judge said recourse to the courts should be a last resort, particularly when family circumstances and the care and welfare of children were involved.	The effort to harvest rainwater has been started on a macro level by INTACH and other organisations, and at the micro level by residents of welfare associations.	I talked about Holy Cross, and the time I spent in Worcester helping welfare recipients navigate job training and social services.	Our politicians show little regard for animal welfare or human safety.	Many parents have been defeated in their efforts to get help from child welfare departments.	An exponent of the new Liberalism, he urged state welfare provision to enable individuals to develop their abilities and contribute to the common good.	Unfortunately, the type of neighbour who keeps a large, angry Alsatian in a minuscule 11th-floor flat is unlikely to look kindly on your well-meant tips about animal welfare.	In both countries, the rulers place the accumulation of wealth far ahead of the welfare of the nation.	Animal welfare should not, it said, be sacrificed to religious freedom.	This welfare spending discourages work, increases taxes, and operates as a hidden and inefficient subsidy to low-wage businesses.	If government planning and welfare had the answer, shouldn't we expect government to read the score to us once in a while?	We find that unit taxes lead to more firms in the industry, less output per firm, less tax revenue, but higher welfare compared to ad valorem taxes.	This year, a bare-bones welfare program will continue into the New Year without being updated.	Memories are fading about their dire predictions for mothers on welfare after the reforms of 1996, which were way off.	The New York City Workfare Media Initiative teaches welfare recipients and union workers how to use documentaries about workfare and welfare reform as organizing tools.	Most queries fielded by One Family related to legal issues relating to guardianship, divorce, separation, birth registration, and social welfare issues.	Faced with demonization that he wanted to demolish the welfare state, Romney selected the guy who wrote the plan.	Sensing the electorate's rightward shift, he embraced welfare reform.	Because she is below the age of majority she is not eligible for welfare.	Frisvold, Tronstad, and Mortensen use a different modeling approach to calculate aggregate welfare changes from the introduction of Bt cotton in the same period.	In the 1990s it was a common trope to complain about welfare recipients who had cable television.	Other European countries that have prospered over the medium term have included high-tax countries with extensive welfare states, such as Denmark and the Netherlands.	Bureaucratic incentives aren't keyed to getting jobs for those on welfare.	It is a good time to talk about the welfare of our pike and zander stocks.	Given great leeway in implementing welfare reform, the states were as insatiable as the federal government in crafting rules designed to cut welfare caseloads.	What was sought to be done was to make them wards of court and then obtain orders in their welfare which would contradict the steps the Minister had taken.	A typical meat-eating animal welfare advocate is personally responsible for the slaughter of twenty-two warm-blooded animals per year, 1,500 in an average lifetime.	Another important act was his formalisation of the alimenta, a welfare program that helped orphans and poor children throughout Italy.	My patients are NOT lying on the couch collecting welfare but rather helping you when you buy a car, go into a 7-11 or build a house.	Nothing was too small to receive attention, if a supervising eye could suggest improvements likely to conduce to the common welfare.	Has conduct worth in and for itself, or only as its consequences are felicific as regards the social welfare?	The safety of Florence, which means even more than the welfare of Florentines, now demands severity, as it once demanded mercy.	The public outcry, especially among the upper and middle classes, helped stir change in the young workers' welfare.	As king he saw himself as responsible for both the temporal and spiritual welfare of his subjects.	Many prominent people in the Church of England have spoken out against poverty and welfare cuts in the United Kingdom.	The budget included the introduction of new taxes on the wealthy to allow for the creation of new social welfare programmes.	The party also desired increased rights for workers, and a welfare state including publicly funded healthcare.	Also, an efficient transit system can decrease the economic welfare loss caused by the increase of population density in a metropolis.	The war years saw great improvements in working conditions and welfare provisions, which paved the way for the postwar welfare state.	It attempts to measure social welfare by examining the economic activities of the individuals that comprise society.	Their importance lies in the housing, welfare, social functions, and undergraduate teaching they provide.	His work is considered to be an early precursor of modern welfare economics.	He also accepted the principle of legislative intervention for the purpose of animal welfare.	Danes enjoy a high standard of living and the Danish economy is characterised by extensive government welfare provisions.	The Yes campaign has argued that control of welfare policy would be a major benefit of independence.	Economic welfare cannot be adequately measured unless the personal distribution of income is known.	The historic reasoning for the regressive nature of the payroll tax is that entitlement programs have not been viewed as welfare transfers.	The new money was to be made available for new welfare programmes as well as new battleships.	Asquith and his Chancellor David Lloyd George, whose Liberal reforms in the early 1900s created a basic welfare state.	The German Empire enacted a number of progressive reforms, such as Europe's first social welfare system and freedom of press.	A more extensive system of social welfare benefits was established by the Attlee Government, which did much to reduce acute social deprivation.	After the war, the promises included the National Health Service, and expansion of education, housing, and a number of welfare programmes.	Modern welfare programs are chiefly distinguished from earlier forms of poverty relief by their universal, comprehensive character.	The Caliphate can thus be considered the world's first major welfare state.	Much discussion is underway regarding China's proposed path toward a welfare state.	The pioneers were Uruguay, Chile and Argentina, as they started to develop the first welfare programs in the 1920s following a bismarckian model.	More money was spent on welfare because more money circulated in the economy and because government revenues increased.	Taxes from the oil have increased public sector spending on social welfare, art, sport, environmental measures and financial development.	Seafarers arriving at the port are given welfare and pastoral assistance by seafarers charity Apostleship of the Sea.	Examples of contemporary welfare capitalism include the Nordic model of capitalism predominant in Northern Europe.	In addition to vocational training measures, Mansholt also provided for welfare programmes to cover retraining and early retirement.	The aim is to make more money available for environmental quality or animal welfare programmes.	The persistence of high poverty rates in the UK is associated with the relatively low generosity of the welfare state.	By 1950, with the founding of the modern welfare state, the 'shopping basket' measurement had been abandoned.	In fact, In Islamic tradition, the idea of social welfare has been presented as one of its principal values.	Companies provided their employees with welfare services ranging from housing, schools and churches, to libraries, baths, and gymnasia.	Nothing that we can do to it could possibly make any difference to its welfare.	There is no welfare or asylum system for immigrants on Svalbard, and people incapable of supporting themselves may be sent away.	Their main consideration, however, was the welfare implications of smuggling.	Like other welfare states, taxpayers pay various subsidies to each other, but with spending being less than in most European countries.	In the 1970s and 80s, Finland built one of the most extensive welfare states in the world.	Governmental intervention was social in nature from 1832 to 1914, when the major issues were social welfare and the educational system.	The term is also used to describe the economies of countries which are referred to as welfare states, such as the Nordic countries.	Fittingly, his final vote was in defence of the welfare state which he had helped to create.	Monetarists and neoliberals attacked social welfare systems as impediments to private entrepreneurship.	Livestock diseases compromise animal welfare, reduce productivity, and can infect humans.	Learie Constantine, a West Indian cricketer, was a welfare officer with the Ministry of Labour when he was refused service at a London hotel.	Welsh was a vegetarian for its health values, inspired by the writings of Bernarr Macfadden, and showed no interest in animal welfare.	No care or nursing services are available, nor is welfare payment available.	After World War II a succession of governments expanded the welfare state by raising the taxes.	Animal welfare advocates raise concerns about the possible suffering of fish caused by angling.	However, bucks show considerable investment in the welfare of young, although much of this aspect of rabbit behavior is poorly understood.
English	Polish	solely	wy³¹cznie	As rigid as the form often seems, the fact that it never excludes solely on the basis of style or natural ability is one of its saving graces.	Yes, someone made it up solely for the purpose of trying to see how many gullible suckers they can con into forwarding it.	Don't be tempted to rely solely on pesticides as a quick-fix solution to any lawn problem.	There is no trace of an acknowledgement or recognition of those bodies as displayed solely for the gaze of the spectator.	His philosophy stands in stark contrast to a business ethic built solely on the acquisition of profit.	A wide variety of drugs, acting solely on brain structures, influence our minds.	Both transmitted in simplified Morse code, one solely dots, the other solely dashes.	Of course, Zwellnox's land was distinguished from the other worlds solely by its complete and utter lack of jocundity.	Adams' sarcasm did not solely derive from his jealousy of Franklin's easy popularity, though that always rankled with him.	The set is made up solely of movable sea-blue coloured flats, so to speak the empty hull of a baroque stage apparatus.	In BVI, the Bahamas, Niue, and the Seychelles, the parent company acts solely as a company formation agent and provides related services.	This is because the sole proprietorship is made up solely of assets, such as equipment, leases, receivables and customer lists.	The snakes that evolved venom no longer had to rely solely on constriction or other ways of physically subduing their prey.	The limner was never solely a miniaturist, but worked in other formats and media too.	The few remaining teachers rely solely on donations from various sources for their survival.	We cannot make a policy of ignoring consistently replicable results solely on the ground that they threaten some favourite views.	They argued that the simplest interpretation of this gap was a single-insertion event in a common ancestor shared solely by animals and fungi.	The lecithin derived from soy is used solely as a component of a release agent as described in this guidance.	Organizations that operate in strongly competitive markets cannot take an approach based solely on plans that anticipate a predictable future.	His phone conversations haven't revolved solely around bringing in players.	Yet these heroic changes, which have largely been driven by transsexual activists, focus solely on transsexuality and gender identity.	I will not be applying any pressure on Liam, it will solely be his decision.	The charm of these films relies not solely on the thrill of magic, but also on the appeal of the archaic and anachronistic.	This private area of the forum is solely for the use of armigers, registered with the International Armorial Register.	Mac hardware today differs from PCs solely in the CPU, system logic and the motherboard they sit on.	It would be absurd to assess the qualities of a holiday destination solely on the basis of what there is to eat when you get there.	Her current attire consisted solely of ragged dark jeans and a faded black tank top.	Reuther's political success cannot be read solely in terms of Machiavellian politics.	These thoughts are not reserved solely for the sandlot candidates but the minor league ones as well.	But if one is magnetized by works of the imagination derived almost solely from linguistics, Roussel represents some kind of summation.	In the absence of Kazak oil the commercial viability of Baku-Jeyhan will continue to rest solely on the availability of additional Azeri oil.	Very few brands have been built by relying solely on direct mail or telemarketing.	Griselde, once again, accepted her fate and protested her love for the marquis, solely requesting her dignity upon exodus from the palace.	Everday life is almost solely composed of a series of ritualized masquerades.	Unlike Achilles, who enjoyed divine maternity, Odysseus is solely of human parentage.	He operates solely through agents, who do the vetting, credit checks and so on.	Sailors in a storm-tossed sea know there is danger in relying solely on battening down the hatches.	Two of the fighting stances for each character are based on real world martial arts, and the third style focuses solely on weapon-based combat.	The originators of these information products are solely responsible for their content.	By contrast, the legitimacy of Congressmen, senators, and the president lies solely in their election.	Inevitably, a radio message is less powerful than a television message, relying solely on the sense of sound.	Farmer Sim, you are suggesting that the toothsomeness of Farmer Steve's grapes is due solely to the dirt you allege he stole from your farm.	The views I present to you today are solely my own and not those of any client I represent or organization I belong to.	As many as 10,000 dolphins are slaughtered off the coast each year solely for shark bait.	The Osprey class ships are the world's largest glass-reinforced plastic ships and are the first US Navy ships designed solely for minehunting.	The anger that results from viewing this film cannot be placed solely on the shoulders of the artists responsible for its images.	But if you use that as an excuse to inflict pain on them, then you are sick and sadistic and motivated solely by bigotry.	During his first year he attended only mathematics lectures and tutorials and completed college exams solely in mathematics.	As is well known, the silkworm, Bombyx mori, is reared for the production of silk and its diet consists solely of mulberry leaves.	However, teachers often interpret caring simplistically as solely creating positive interpersonal relationships.	Nor is he suffering solely from his single-minded pursuit of Social Security reform.	Acceptance into GOI isn't solely based on academic merit, not when our unbeloved Shrub went, and not now.	Is it the slattern who generates offspring solely for the sake of the allotment they command?	In purely practical terms, he was the first Trinidadian artist to actually earn a living solely from his art, paving the way for two generations of professional artists.	But licensing money is a slice of the pie by which all major leaguers are created essentially equal, with their payments based solely on service time, not on star power.	Murray also errs in reducing educational attainment and professional success solely to genetic endowment.	Sure, you could end up with a Congress that consists solely of libertarian veterinarians, or elderly communists, or whatever.	Baring souls and exposing warts is no longer a cathartic exercise reserved solely for singer songwriters and soul chanteuses.	The material is supplied solely for the above-mentioned recording.	Armour is used to shield, but not solely to ward off physical harm.	Usenet sites that exist solely for the swapping of copyrighted movies and software have existed for ten years with nary a peep from the establishment.	It is possible for a corporation to issue a zero-coupon bond, whose current yield is zero and whose yield to maturity is solely a function of the built-in price appreciation.	Always in his own eyes weak, wretched, and vile, unworthy of the smallest blessing, he rested solely on the merit and mediation of His great High Priest.	The controller acts as a liaison between the slave work processor and the master, leaving the work processor to concentrate solely on data processing.	Scrap firms sometimes employed peddlers and scavengers, but they more frequently relied solely on the skills of the owner to sort and evaluate scrap from refuse.	Today, enemy targets can be engaged at ranges where they are seen on an electronic device solely as an item of electromagnetic, infrared, or acoustic data.	The Democratic Party will not win elections or build a lasting majority solely by changing its rhetoric, nor will we win by adopting the other side's positions.	New scientific techniques which allow analysis of bone chemistry have shown that pre-historic man was not the solely meat-eating savage he is often portrayed.	A spokesman had earlier said the police could not act solely on the basis of a video and that someone had to lay a charge before an investigation could be started.	Once steroids became contraband, many athletes bought black-market anabolics that were cut with other drugs or intended solely for veterinary use.	You can be itchy in relationships, too, romantically seeking, solely for excitement sake.	Stop-start town traffic gave an advantage to the hybrids, with the Prius, which can run solely on its electric motor at slow speeds, far in the lead.	The income and property of the Society whencesoever derived shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the objects of the Society as set forth in the Constitution.	The resulting difference in size between males, or toms, and females, or hens, requires producers to rely solely on artificial insemination for reproduction.	A screw-up this big can't be blamed solely on those two entities.	In Pisa, whose tourist industry is almost solely dependent on the magnetic power of its leaning tower, it will be an event of unconfined celebration.	I'm confident that they calculate the ability of first homebuyers to afford homes by focusing solely on those who, against the odds, have escaped the rent trap.	Nor were they bound together solely by ties of kinship or blood.	People and the physical world do not operate solely by the rules of deductive logic, therefore deductive logic is insufficient to solve problems in the real world.	Most of the health risks borne by uncircumcised men fall solely on them, rather than the population at large.	Bradt Travel is bringing out the first guidebook dedicated solely to Sierra Leone.	If one tries to categorize commercial agricultural production or wage labor activity solely as resistance, one does violence to more than language.	Even the Broadcasting Standards Tribunal has concluded that parents cannot be solely responsible for regulating and monitoring the content of television viewed by children.	Oh, by the way, I'm no longer a solely self-published critic.	This was my first time making a trip solely for the purpose of birding.	The statement was solely focused on spending levels under the omnibus and their increase over the sequester.	There are always limits to how much can be accomplished solely by the executive branch under the United States Constitution.	Until recently there was even a non-profit dedicated solely to electing a woman president.	The first explorer to conquer the Northwest Passage solely by ship was the Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen.	Common pheasants nest solely on the ground in scrapes, lined with some grass and leaves, frequently under dense cover or a hedge.	Criminal law is solely a federal responsibility and is uniform throughout Canada.	With better health care, the Inuit population grew too large to sustain itself solely by hunting.	The Cornwall Air Ambulance is a charitable organization solely maintained by donations as it receives no form of official funding.	More primitive mammals, such as the echidna, can only hiss, as sound is achieved solely through exhaling through a partially closed larynx.	Both studies, which focused solely on the fiscal impacts, concluded that more should be done to internalize external costs.	This left the responsibility for the end of the war, on 3 November 1918, solely to the emperor and his government.	The post seems to have been conceived partly as a reward for senators who had chosen to make a career solely on the Emperor's behalf.	New ideas and beliefs spread around Europe and were fostered by an increase in literacy due to a departure from solely religious texts.	Several African nations such as the Calabar and other southern parts of Nigeria had economies depended solely on the trade.	For instance, Qantas operates service between New York and Los Angeles solely for use by international connecting passengers.	An attorney-in-fact has a duty to act solely in yhe interest of the principal and to avoid conflicts of interest.	Discrimination refers to specific behaviors or actions directed at a group or its individual members based solely on the group membership.	It is not a function of Tribunals to administer justice, their work is solely inquisitorial.	As to the criminal jurisdiction of the Church it now inflicts on the laity only ecclesiastical penalties, and solely for ecclesiastical offences.	However, certain industries under federal regulation are subject solely to federal labour legislation and standards.	The term heartwood derives solely from its position and not from any vital importance to the tree.	The smaller Terminal A serves all international and regional flights while the larger Terminal B solely handles domestic traffic.	Then the ruler holds the minister accountable for the achievement which is based solely on his job.	Originally, the silvicultural system now called coppicing was practiced solely for small wood production.	By contrast, in the oak woodland on a steep hillside at Keskadale in Cumberland the occurrence is solely rupestral.	The phenomenology is solely preparatory to the philosophy, which must begin in this pure thought-process.	It is the largest company in the industry solely dedicated to cardiopulmonary products.	For example, a surfboard company can pinpoint and relay ads solely to young teens in California, who have shown an interest in surfboarding.	State maintained roads rely solely on the MTF, whereas county and city streets are supplemented by local milages.	The preface consists solely of reproduced abstracts from each of the chapters, with no summarization or analysis by the editors.	As part of the crackdown, the DOL hired 100 new auditors solely to investigate misclassifications.	Both of these partnerships have to cope with these dual issues in a more complicated way than is the case in solely business partnerships.	The movie was so craptacular that it generated legions of ironic fans who watched it over and over solely to mock it mercilessly.	He said we came here solely on my account, that I was to have perfect rest and all the air I could get.	In its purest form, the concept of strategy deals solely with military issues.	It has been suggested, based solely on the number of signs, that the Indus script is logo-syllabic.	Wever argued that the Luftwaffe General Staff should not be solely educated in tactical and operational matters.	Hence, it appears that there are other forces that enter the equations of motion solely as a result of the relative acceleration.	If this is not solely due to the deficiencies of the sources, it would make England a special case.	The witch camps, which exist solely in Ghana, are thought to house a total of around 1000 women.	This is due not solely, or even majorly, to the fact the above type of analysis concerns itself primarily with what will happen in the long run.	This is in contrast to later versions, where Excalibur belongs solely to the king.	It cannot usefully be read solely in the context of the history of science and philosophy.	Brean Hammond focuses on Pope's singular achievement in making an independent living solely from his writing.	The most popular narrators were stars in their own right, solely responsible for the patronage of a particular theatre.	St Helens youth policy does not operate solely in the borough boundaries of the town.	In 1855 passports became a standardised document issued solely to British nationals.	Two years later, solely in her capacity as Queen of Canada, she revisited the United States and toured Canada.	The library as solely a physical space will not survive in the digital milieu.	The Staten Island Railway rapid transit system solely serves Staten Island, operating 24 hours a day.	Rolt takes issue with earlier writers' suggestions that the assignment was solely due to Robert's health.	He had refused to write an essay required for the final examination, saying he should be assessed solely on his artworks.	All commercial channels that broadcast solely on digital platforms do not have public service requirements imposed.	Some lakes do not have a natural outflow and lose water solely by evaporation or underground seepage or both.	Social advancement was thus not dependent solely on birth, patronage, good luck, or even extraordinary ability.	Publicans issued employment solely on the capacity of the man to pay, and men often left the pub to work drunk.	However, they are not solely tied to high elevations and can breed in lowlands if the local habitats are suitable.	Apart from the Ecumenical Parish, Livingston Old Parish is a congregation solely within the Church of Scotland.	Some sources would view Calvinist influence as not always being solely positive.	Generally, a central bank or treasury is solely responsible within a state or currency union for the issue of banknotes.	Eleven of the fourteen tracks included in the album were sung, produced and written solely by Harris.	Because of the low atmospheric pressure, ablation near the surface is solely due to sublimation, not melting.	During this time life was difficult for communities built solely around a singular industry, especially as most families were on a single wage.	Both verdict and sentence are solely in the hands of judges and magistrates.	Early Pentecostals saw themselves as outsiders from mainstream society, dedicated solely to preparing the way for Christ's return.
English	Polish	slack	luny	The rope would tighten and then slack and then tighten, jerking Darren while all the time cutting into his already tore up wrists.	It took just one heave and one ho for the rope to go slack as my former self went head over heels into the pit.	They moved around behind the tree, then the rope went slack and the ground smashed up.	With a slack Mexican economy, Modelo's contribution to net this year is about flat.	The average occupancy rate of the hotels has exceeded 90 per cent, with significant recovery from an earlier slack business season.	But getting angry with himself for making this mistake was just as fruitless as brooding over the slack business owner.	But matters are often made a great deal worse by slack micro-management practices adding to the burden.	They can still sell at a very handsome profit even in a slack market and some did.	The local tourism industry arranges winter celebrations and activities to prevent a slack season.	If his first novel feels a little slack, however, Norman's more recent work seems to have tipped over into a more deterministic mode.	I've been through this before, selling a house into a slack, sluggish market.	Though the pace is slack and the jokes are slim, the chemistry between Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson is as sparkly as ever.	In the second half Penrith got back in the game when slack marking left a defender free to prod in.	Haxby United edged into a 1-0 lead over visiting Old Malton when slack defensive play let in David Thompson for a well-taken header.	They say they have no idea when or how Beggs got into the country because of slack EU border controls.	In principle, the steady drone of flat, slack sentences reproduces the demoralised world they depict, not the limits of the writer's talent.	You can be slack at times if you are too assured, but fortunately I have never had that sort of luxury.	City of York VIII crashed 5-0 to hosts Rotherham, the visitors throwing the game away by slack marking.	We were in the Operating Room doing a case and in order to break the routine of work, we were relating a lot of slack jokes.	Enter too soon before, or too long after slack tide, and we will get blown off the reef and possibly end up in a very dangerous position.	Reeling the little Calcutta 400 quite quickly in the slack tide gave the eel just that little extra zip and fish attracting noise in the water.	I was so eager that I took off without waiting for Ben to answer or to take the slack out of the rope.	We had taken most of the slack out of the ropes, but there was always some.	We decided that even if all the slack in the rigging had been removed, the 45m rope would still have been well short.	I followed and when I arrived at the slung chockstone I yelled for slack to get some rope in order to lower myself across the slab.	She puts slack on the rope and tells the stupid man just to back away slowly.	Their jaws slack, they slouch just so, and their thumbs hook their belt loops.	His father's skin, once ruddy from a lifetime of Montana ranching, has gone waxen and slack.	These men will go for eye surgery, to remove bags and lines, or for face lifts to tighten slack jowls.	She's convinced that no matter how hard she works out, the skin that covers her taut biceps is growing daily more slack and wrinkly.	You yourself will certainly feel the rhythm, slack or strong, high or low, taut or loose.	Take the slack out of the stay by adjusting the tackle fall, then put a tiny drop of super-glue in the last hole to secure the fall.	When the gymnast misses the beam the device instantly picks up the slack on the gym elastics, preventing her crashing to the ground.	The fledgling's breathing and heartbeat slowed, taut muscles went slack, and his third eyelids slid halfway across his bright gaze.	He used pole and maggot in the marginal slack water for a mixed net of small roach and perch scaling 3lb 9oz.	Maybe he was too slack at half-time. Maybe the tone in his voice sent the wrong message.	You really have to be on top of everything, and you can't slack on anything.	Seatbelt retractors used to just roll up the belt when you weren't using it and control the slack when you were.	We generally allow a slack period between completing the purchase and actually moving in.	Tightly edited, it doesn't grow as slack or indulgent as many mockumentaries do.	When the tide turns and the water becomes slack, the dives are dull, with little wildlife.	Insofar as this is a human foible, a mere unsightly blemish on the doctrine of RC, I give it a lot of slack.	Let out just enough slack line from the reel so that the bobbin is suspended two to three inches below the rod.	Among the flap of slack sails she heard the men talking, but made no effort to understand their conversation.	I held the slack rope taut in various positions and Jim measured and recorded the segments' lengths.	They deliberately built slack into middle managers' schedules.	Certainly it's not the lame, dated jokes, the lazy writing, the slack narrative pacing, the boring matiness of the male ensemble or the overall emptiness of the film.	One plus from slack labor demand will be lower inflation next year.	Obama's offensive caught the Romney camp completely by surprise and left them flat-footed and slack jawed.	The second glitch came a few hours after that, when some of the cables used to pull the ship upright started to slack.	At springs, the slack lasts 40 minutes and at neaps 90 minutes.	Expect the main action to come the two hours either side of slack water.	There is plenty of time for storytelling as we wait for slack tide.	We worship our sporting heroes to the point where while they are on top they can do little wrong and more often than not we cut them some slack if they slip on a banana skin.	His jaw quivered and dropped, while the rest of his body fell slack.	And he certainly hasn't been slack since getting to Calgary, either.	A belayer holds the end of the rope, hooked to his or her karabiner and through the belay device, to take up rope slack as the climber ascends the wall.	After the break Morton threatened straight away and Moffat burst a slack home defence to beat keeper Brown, but his shot hit the woodwork and Curran missed the rebound.	We attach you to a climbing rope, someone belays you from below, taking up the slack as you climb.	Due to increasingly slack religious practice in Lindisfarne, Cuthbert was sent to Lindisfarne as a way to reform the religious community.	Captain Higgins moused the hook with a bit of marline to prevent the block beckets from falling out under slack.	The moment that the tidal current ceases is called slack water or slack tide.	The rain prevented them from using their bows because the sinew strings become slack when wet, and rendered them virtually defenseless.	A counter faller under the thread was made to rise to take in the slack caused by backing off.	He accused the government of slack supervision of nuclear technology.	He knew I was a Chicago guy, and he cut me absolutely no slack.	Now and anon a little puff of breeze caught the foresail and bellied it out for a moment, only to let it flap back against the mast, limp and slack, once more.	I was then attached to a PS5000 board, with a 10m slack tube leading to another jetski ridden by Mike Leonard, who led me through my 25-minute session.	The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness.	To keep the home fires burning local merchants were hoping they would still be able to supply unrationed fuel such as open-cast slack to be used for banking up fires.	When there was a slack time there was always dirt to drag up the steep slopes.	The capsular and other ligaments are slack, so that the joint is unstable and easily hyper-extended.	So samp kind of hitched up his ambition and took the slack out of his habits for a few months and went to the legislature.	For a moment the line hung slack, as a great back-wave lifted the boat on its crest and carried it seawards.	When they reached fifty-ninth street Jerry's head was bobbing and his reins were slack.	He was in the slack water of the soul, when the ebb is spent, before the tide has begun to flow.	It has also been suggested to improve the river Raisin by locks and slack water navigation.	Each morning a thin film of ice was to be seen along the edges of the slack water.	Ruth, let us get the net and put it right across the creek as soon as it is slack water.	The Nancy Hanks got through the lock and the mules picked up the slack of the towrope again at Louise's vigorous suggestion.	Once her rope rose, sailed forward and then dropped slack to the ground, the pony cantering on ahead undisturbed, and uncaptured.	Her limp body was slipping to the floor in a nerveless heap, her muscles slack and unresponding.	Tell him to slack off the mainsheet, and before you know it, he'd drop the peak.	As she luffs up we shall man the fore and main sheets, slack on the weather, and haul on the lee braces.	Discovering that his martingale had more slack in it than usual, he proceeded to give an exhibition of rearing and hind-leg walking.	She had needed them to combat Len's shiftlessness and slack good nature.	Too rash Love in its choice, paid you so largely service so slack!	It was slack water now, and the river stood still, holding its breath.	I forgot to tell you, but we may again have a slack season, Tanya.	Additional vocabularies, nomenclatures, terminologies were developed to pick up the slack.	Once the varicose veins are gone, other veins deeper in the body take up the slack.	For a brief interval Sandy allowed the babiche to fall slack.	Yes, Guenever was beautiful, it is true, but take her all around she was pretty slack.	He would go and fire up that dressing room, grab people by the neck, throw cups of tea around and not let people slack off.	The strain once over, she appeared slack, gaunt, debilitated.	In the winter slack season she may find a position as a saleswoman.	It was attached to a stout cross-timber above his head and the slack fell to the level of his knees.	Ayllon had the necklace with him in the slack of his doublet.	There was a slight noise behind her and she turned just in time to seize a small boy by the slack of his roundabout and arrest his flight.	The connections of the several sections of the raft are slack and pliant, so that the raft may be readily bent into any sort of curve required by the shape of the river.	Amid the bustle, Gurth was taken from horseback, in the course of which removal he prevailed upon the Jester to slack the cord with which his arms were bound.
English	Polish	invoke	odwo³aæ siê	In support of this claim, they invoke the archaic Greeks, often citing Hesiod's Works and Days, among other classical sources.	These markers invoke public consciousness about what values, beliefs, and capabilities people have.	An expression could invoke recursive functions or entire subprograms, for example.	Vedic Invocations, which are deemed animistic and crudely pagan by many scholars, merely invoke God through his attributes and functions.	I believe that if the action is taken anywhere against them, as you so aptly said, you can't invoke the death penalty more than once.	Such acts invoke the asuras in dreams and visions and invite calamity in your life.	It is an accidental bonus if the framed views, or the visual exchanges, also invoke the spatial experience of a classic Chinese garden.	I like to call it beginner's luck and invoke the empirical evidence at horse racing tracks and Las Vegas casinos.	Some of the broadcasters tried to invoke the Blitz spirit, suggesting that that would get London through.	Norrell's love of secrecy and Strange's attraction to the wilder edges of magic invoke dark and sinister happenings.	Even once such phrases began to get untethered from their precise technical moorings, they retained the power to invoke product superiority.	Will judges invoke their own narrow, ideological readings of the Constitution to void progressive legislation?	They want to invoke the so-called nuclear option and get rid of the 150-year-old tradition in order to ram through more right-wing judges.	They are used to invoke a historical community that survived harsh conditions and now enjoys the benefits of unity and prosperity.	Aggressive tumors that do not invoke an osteoblastic response, such as myeloma, can also yield a negative examination.	It's best to run these as the superuser, because only root is allowed to invoke real-time priority.	The fast track bill will be called in the Senate only when the White House knows it has the 60 votes necessary to invoke cloture.	It was incumbent on him to prove that his duty was discharged before he could invoke the clause.	The dangri's role is to invoke the local protective Deities who enter into and occupy the body of the dhami.	Can I use a Java application instead of a JSP to invoke a servlet on an application server?	That's going to be more difficult for omnibus conglomerate brands to invoke.	The client then uses its filter registry to invoke the filters during a subsequent method invocation.	To arrive at the original meaning of a surname, one has to consider the earliest recorded forms and invoke the expertise of a philologist.	Once a power to detain is held to depend on precedent fact, then of course anyone subjected to it can properly invoke habeas corpus.	At a different scale, we may invoke female emancipation to explain the declining populations of Europe.	The state Labor government has threatened to invoke emergency powers to stop the strike going ahead.	It's only a matter of time until post-punk or new wave invoke eye-rolling, but don't give up on the genre just yet.	Get out spot, I cry, as I invoke the gods' help in cleaning my blotter.	In short, the government has met with such unalloyed success selling its hard line to an anxious electorate that it has rarely needed to invoke the spectre of absconding.	Last night at their big meeting, McConnell offered to advance all seven if Reid promised never to invoke the nuclear option again.	The smell of freshly baked bread, a newly mown lawn, chocolate, and pine trees have all been reported to have been used by firms to invoke a sense of calm in customers.	She just couldn't seem to invoke any maternal feelings inside of herself.	All invoke extremely speculative theories from modern cosmology, quantum mechanics, vitalistic theories of biology and parapsychology, and other fringe sciences.	Berrigan and Charnov invoke field data supporting such a correlation, but they call the appearance of a tradeoff between these two parameters a major puzzle.	If the TV shows that someone has clearly made a dive, the FA should invoke a new rule, requiring that player to wear a red armband for the rest of the season.	It will also be able to add quietly and effectively to its own wealth and to the wealth of its favorite groups, and without incurring the wrath that taxes often invoke.	Consequently, there is no need to invoke allopatric conditions to explain the patterns of variation seen in both the gall inducer and its inquiline beetle.	Jurisdiction and natural justice invoke the primordial instinct of courts to second guess other tribunals and thus defeat the greatest benefit of arbitration, its finality.	Do I, a law professor, get to invoke the privilege when I write a piece for The Daily Beast?	Do I get an extra point for being the first to invoke Godwin's Law?	Merely making such a confession presupposes that a title deed has been duly authenticated, so that one can adamantly continue to invoke it in defending one's property.	They invoke their particular gods and plunge out of downscale teenage bedrooms, brandishing shards of imagery as peculiarly-shaped as prison shivs.	I'm embarrassed and humiliated to think that I actually live in a place where this sort of thing seems to be acceptable, and where some will invoke race to excuse it.	They often invoke the concept of divine immutability to oppose any change.	Sometimes any dissentient shareholder can invoke the right, but normally a percentage requirement is imposed, a somewhat crude way of filtering out unmeritorious cases.	Australian Prime Minister John Howard also stated that Australia would invoke the ANZUS Treaty along similar lines.	But, to invoke the jurisdiction in any given case, all the parties have to accept the prospective judgment as binding.	Does a personal blogger writing on Facebook get to invoke the privilege?	Odo saw no option but to invoke the aid of Charles Martel and pledge allegiance to the Frankish prince.	Tommy does so, deliberately deafening, muting, and blinding everyone, only to inadvertently invoke a riot.	This is intended to invoke cognitive disequilibration that induces students to reconstruct knowledge.	To invoke chord commands, users must press a spacebar and braille keys simultaneously.	Those who denounce it are those who most frequently and successfully invoke it.	Computer access control systems are designed to control which users or groups of users can invoke programs and access system resources such as databases and files.	This reduces the successful invocation of God to a function of the presence of male genitalia. Put another way, women have the wrong equipment to invoke God.	Generally known as a girls' tradition common in elementary school, Mary Worth rituals invoke the atmosphere of the seance, but surround that custom in a particular legend.	Senior Labour politicians have criticised the Human Rights Act and the willingness of the judiciary to invoke declarations on incompatibility against terrorism legislation.	As the decay process produces an electron neutrino, some of the proposed explanations for the observed rate oscillation invoke neutrino properties.	Alternatively an enacting clause may invoke the ultimate sovereign.	Then she began busily to invoke the protection of all the saints in the calendar.	Do you know that it is against your father and your father's brother that you invoke God's vengeance?	And destiny is but the phantom we invoke to silence the one, to dethrone the other!	Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors.	We have the law with us, and your conduct will lead us to invoke it.	They have nothing to do with the noble religion they invoke so perfidiously to sanctify their sinful criminality.	As a result, potential exculpatory witnesses invoke the Fifth Amendment to avoid getting themselves into trouble.
English	Polish	deliberate	celowy	When Charley said Zac had asked her out for a drink, it was a deliberate attempt to stick the knife into me.	It will be constitutionally comfortable for the next administration to deliberate on the issue of a regional rotational process.	Some consider their weakness to lie in their artificiality, a deliberate turning away from reality.	This time around, reckless abandon has given way to cautious and deliberate strokes.	In these cases, the conduct of the employees or agents did involve a knowing and deliberate breach of the order.	Because database creation is now part of the purchasing transaction, refusal to give a zip code is a deliberate act of resistance.	Hitler made a deliberate distinction between his plans for the Russians, and his intentions towards the Anglo-Saxons.	It also catches dictionary and thesaurus sites and sends back deliberate misspellings, antonyms instead of synonyms, etc.	In a way, their story is much more interesting for the deliberate air of mystique they cultivate.	Well, clearly, to be murder in the first degree in California, it has to be willful, deliberate or premeditated.	The viewer is enticed by the deliberate placement of phrases, formulas, and other elements to try to winkle out the connections.	I think deliberate amphibologies are used in drafting to get to agreement more than we might like to think.	But he is given immunity for the deliberate, wilful telling of a falsehood.	White mob violence against blacks was a deliberate tool used to maintain white supremacy, not to punish crime.	But again, we must remember that unlike reality TV, this film is deliberate about everything.	He said there should be a deliberate policy to compel gemstone companies to sell part of their produce to local jewellers.	The deliberate sectarian gerrymander that the Northern state was in the first instance has now disappeared, eroded by demographics.	That is a matter of deliberate engineering, presumably, as the passenger seats are protected and the impact is absorbed elsewhere in the car.	The Abbasid caliphs decided to adopt a more deliberate approach to the cultural and intellectual growth of the empire.	Poindexter followed with a recitation of the Iran program filled with deliberate inaccuracies.	Though it will be hard to prove in court, the drug was probably refined in North Korea, from opium poppies grown there as part of a deliberate government program.	It was a deliberate challenge to the authority of the parlement which responded in November 1755 with some of the boldest remonstrances ever written.	Previous studies of intervention to reduce repetition of deliberate self harm in unselected patient groups have been unsuccessful in reducing the proportion of repeaters.	The word base was filtered by me for words below 6 as these smaller words become so easy to find that any deliberate anagrammatisation would be hard to see.	Brown annotates every deliberate inaccuracy in the book's notes.	As in Droggn, this revoke penalty is too mild to be an effective deterrent to deliberate revoking, and is only suitable as a punishment for an accidental error.	Sectarian conflict is the deliberate consequence of foreign intervention.	On the other hand, there is no law against deliberate archaism.	The protest was staged as a deliberate attempt to embarrass the government.	The wanton and deliberate demolition of the Babri Masjid by the Hindu fundamentalist forces in December 1992 was a watershed in the governance of the country.	The production isn't without invention and wit, but tired Canadian in-jokes are wearyingly plentiful, and the scripted ad-libs feel heavily deliberate.	Grossman documents how the U.S. military made a concerted and deliberate effort to mold more efficient killers.	Secondly, the party disobeying the contempt order must do so in a deliberate and willful fashion in order to satisfy the criminal nature of the contempt proceedings.	Artifice and imitation reveal the finikin or uncertain soul as surely as deliberate bareness reveals a conscious austerity.	But first, each House considers a bill pro forma to symbolise their right to deliberate independently of the monarch.	Others find the deliberate discord, playing against the evident parallelism of the two lines, stimulating and intriguing.	Sabotage is a deliberate action aimed at weakening a polity or corporation through subversion, obstruction, disruption or destruction.	A virtue is made out of a necessity, with the child feeling far more atop and master of his oddness, his behavior now deliberate or even clever.	He wondered if it was a case of deliberate set up, to rope him into something bigger than him.	Of course, they were free to unaccept that idea, but unacceptance was a secondary, deliberate revision of an initially accepted belief.	The supermarket's unmatchably low prices were accompanied by a deliberate decline in quality.	According to Matthew Graham, writing in the Radio Times, the error was deliberate.	The bloodletting in Syria has unfolded with deliberate relentlessness.	Esme assented with a graceful bend of his crimpled head, and in a clear and deliberate voice began to speak.	This intention is a deliberate and integral characteristic of the social contract, a characteristic that persists to the present day.	Proof of Henry's deliberate connection to St Thomas lies partially in the structure of the tomb itself.	The Luftwaffe made 21 deliberate attacks on small torpedo boats during the Battle of Britain, sinking none.	The first deliberate air raids on London were mainly aimed at the Port of London, causing severe damage.	The deliberate snub is the latest in a series of battles between the LEP and the North East Combined Authority.	At Parc Cwm long cairn a variety of mortuary practices was evident and the deliberate ordering of skeletal parts noticeable.	There was a deliberate link with Caernarfon's Roman past and the Roman fort of Segontium is nearby.	So, at the CCCB, maybe someone was asleep at the switch, maybe a deliberate but inappropriate effort at being 'creative,' maybe something else.	In those environments, deliberate experimentation would alter not only the transition path but also the limit point of the learning process.	Players may move anywhere around the court but accidental or deliberate obstruction of the other player's movements is forbidden.	It is often stated that a flag upside down is a form of distress signal or even a deliberate insult.	Based on limited evidence, it is thought that the voyage to New Zealand was deliberate.	The Germans assumed this was deliberate, and as the raids increased in frequency and scale the population grew impatient for measures of revenge.	Some analogies are deliberate equivocities and others are univocities.	The jury took eight hours to come to its deliberate verdict.	To deliberate, be it but in slight matters, doth importune me.	Their painting developed independently of Early Italian Renaissance painting, and without the influence of a deliberate and conscious striving to revive antiquity.	The rhythm in metal songs is emphatic, with deliberate stresses.	He would have you believe that every error we make is deliberate, that journalists have somehow ginned up a unified conspiracy of lies and mendacities against him.	Baillie's Highland themed Family Legend was first produced in Edinburgh in 1810 with the help of Scott, as part of a deliberate attempt to stimulate a national Scottish drama.	The eight years of exhausting but deliberate refusal to meet the English on even ground have caused many to consider Bruce as one of the great guerrilla leaders of any age.	Additionally during the 1950s and 1960s there were protracted periods of known, deliberate discharges to the atmosphere of plutonium and irradiated uranium oxide particulates.	Many of the prisoners died in the concentration camps due to deliberate maltreatment, disease, starvation, and overwork, or they were executed as unfit for labor.	However, deliberate human persecution has reduced the species' range to about one third, because of livestock predation and fear over attacks on humans.	Ochre has been detected inside some of the shell beads, implicating that they were subject to deliberate or indirect use of ochre as a colouring agent.	In this form of salvage, the main focus is on the rapid removal of goods and may include deliberate dissection, disassembly or destruction of the hull.	Since ancient times, much of the finest art has represented a deliberate display of wealth or power, often achieved by using massive scale and expensive materials.	Some have suggested that Vespucci, in the two letters published in his lifetime, was exaggerating his role and constructed deliberate fabrications.	Intermarriage is seen as a deliberate rejection of Judaism, and an intermarried person is effectively cut off from most of the Orthodox community.	As it has been in regular use for centuries, many phrases from its services have passed into everyday English, either as deliberate quotations or as unconscious borrowings.	What Miscreant quisquilian Scraps and Fragments have the Arians, Papists and Socinians to oppose to all those deliberate and concordant Testimonies?	Upon detecting firedamp the candle is lowered and arrangements made for the ventilating of the area or the deliberate firing of the firedamp after the end of a shift.	Also, the wordstock of Unilingua is considered a priori, that is, there is no deliberate association with words or roots in existing natural languages.	This exercise directed a deliberate IA as national intelligence assets determined that an Ariana armored force was moving north into Atropia to reinforce the military coup.	Riem Rio on his part has appreciated the economic situations of the country, promising to deliberate on assistance of the sudan to exempt its foreign depts.	Furthermore, as the hang in the opening room of the Roubaix display suggested, his initial foray into avant-garde territory was a deliberate choice.	Precaution had been a deliberate attempt to produce a bestseller, and it succeeded only moderately.	His voice was a drawl, very deliberate, very quiet, rather soft and pleasant.	The change was one towards consciousness and deliberate, self-critical effort.	He will think it a less fault than the tameness and abstractness, which are the besetting sins of deliberate composition.	The deliberate pathos, the cloying charm, did not seem to exist for Louise.	It was a long speech for Wally to make, and he made it with deliberate malice.	Meyerbeer's distribution of arias, duets, ensembles, and finales is the result of a deliberate eclecticism.	But the action on the slave trade was the deliberate sanction for twenty years of man-stealing of the most flagitious sort.	There were many retro reference points, and how deliberate this is, I'm not too sure.	He always proceeded in idiosyncratic fashion with an acute analytical eye and deliberate reflectiveness.	It comes from Father Time's shop, and he is a deliberate workman.	The 1993 stoneware Boulder with Three Openings, a mere 11 inches tall, is almost comical in its deliberate, delightful lumpiness.	There was something sacramental about the deliberate caress.	She was at her best in the gold filigree dream scene, where her deliberate developpe rotations into attitude en arriere flowed into a fine finish.
English	Polish	constraints	ograniczenia	We will return to this problem after considering the general structural constraints on hypocoristics.	This series delivers a remarkably high level of visual quality within its constraints.	Animation, a by-necessity wasteless industry, typically tells its story as spartanly as possible due to budgetary constraints.	More choice in formats for library customers may mean more constraints on choices in materials acquisition.	Rate variation among lineages is the footprint of selection and can be indicative of species radiations or differential structural constraints.	Geneva does put some constraints on the handling and adjudication of detainees, but they were meaningless restraints.	Outgrowing the constraints of the street and agitprop meant that they started to really work.	Trying to find decent gifts whilst fighting pushy people and time constraints is like going on a wild goose chase.	It would also be in dire trouble if regulators relaxed constraints on the mobile market about supplying airtime to competitors.	If a cohen raises a boy as his son, the boy will not have the privileges nor the constraints of the priesthood.	We are labouring under the illusion that we are in control and free of constraints when in truth we are out of control and morally bankrupt.	It will sharply boost military spending, reorder budgetary priorities, and put constraints on discretionary spending for other programs.	The future of Anglicanism may depend upon the American Episcopal Church's ability to find a way out of its terrible constraints.	Applying this agenda to the resultative construction, one might search for semantic or other constraints on the construction's acceptability.	As the constraints of lead type disappeared, designers began to experiment with letters, creating many new types of complicated letterforms.	Dissatisfied councillors had to forego raising matters under Any Other Business on the agenda due to time constraints.	As such, his film may feel like a television movie at times, but it's power is such that it rises above any budget constraints.	Biotech is realizing that its rosy financial outlook has its limits and constraints.	Your aim is to maximise the total profit, within the legal constraints that all tickets are treated equally.	Now, everything about higher education is about pulling students back into these ties and constraints.	Laughter is an invigorating tonic that heightens and brightens the mood, gently releasing us from tensions and social constraints.	Neither is it bound by any legal constraints since it is impersonal and can be practiced without a formal declaration of war.	Although his dad has big ambitions for him, financial constraints are a problem.	The nocturnal origins of primates imposed constraints on certain sensory systems, namely trichromatic vision.	They liked me, though, and they wrote in a bit part for me, but that got cut for Hollywood reasons, time constraints or whatever.	Video content piped into homes through the Internet does not face the spectrum constraints of broadcast television.	Congress consequently emerged from the Great Depression and from World War II essentially unbound by the old constraints of federalism.	Spur roads and skid roads may have to be reclaimed or rehabilitated if access constraints are required.	Are you running into a lot of constraints among operators who are devoting digital bandwidth to multiplexes and additional pay-per-view channels?	They were eager to unshackle Europe from the Church, from its class and gender constraints, and from any whiff of its racist or colonialist past.	There are obviously certain constraints on content so each entry will be checked before it is uploaded to the website.	We assume that the object of the rational individual person is to maximize utility given the choices and constraints facing the person.	If we turn to constraints that contain random noise, the information content decreases further.	Economic and cultural pressures from the Anglosphere have imposed increasing constraints on a wide range of French traditions and institutions.	This approach is demonstrated to be superior to alternative analyses that do not make reference to ranked and violable constraints.	It has been assessed that Kenny is unable to have a stairlift fitted due to the narrow constraints of the stairways.	A sinister cyclops rises above a herd of carousel horses, freed from their constraints and stampeding out of the painting.	We would also like to know what constraints are hampering the tourism investment in the North.	The Kangaroos, once hamstrung by the constraints of a reduced salary cap, are chasing hard.	In the end the Japanese showed a preference for doing business with the Chinese, who seemed less handicapped by bureaucratic constraints.	However, these are one-offs involving special constraints requiring the most sophisticated equipment and represent very much upper cost limits.	Audio streaming may be common, but bandwidth constraints limit its quality.	Attempts at using allegedly relevant texts as moral guidelines today are subject to serious exegetical and hermeneutical constraints.	Mendelssohn also suffered two physical constraints, a hammerlock stutter and a severe curvature of the spine that gave him a hump.	There's a dire need for redefining the constraints for both chambers of Parliament.	Recent palaeomagnetic and geodynamic constraints envisage an early Mesoproterozoic supercontinent that at least included Laurentia and Baltica.	On their arrival to the host country, they must contend with the spatial-temporal constraints of daily life.	It is a boom fuelled by constraints on planning consents for housebuilders plus relatively low interest rates for mortgage borrowers.	Conversations about race in this country are circumscribed enough as it is, so I'm very uneasy with suggesting further constraints.	Cement and clinker imports play an important role in supplementing domestic capacity constraints.	We turn next to semantic constraints triggered by the lexical properties of certain predicates, idioms, and anaphoric expressions.	What they are tired of is the immobility and politically correct constraints over economic debate that have left unemployment at 8.5 percent.	But in terms of syllable structure, the phonotactic constraints of French are winning out over English.	Stalactites and stalagmites can also be used to provide constraints on rates of landscape evolution by dating valley incision or tectonic uplift.	The tertiary fold of a protein is difficult to predict computationally without the aid of geometrical constraints.	The development of a coiled conch by only stochastic variation, or as a result of structural constraints alone, is considered highly improbable.	And it is best if they are insulated from marketplace constraints, that is the whole point of the non-profit sector.	Additionally, the armor planner provides critical information on constraints and assumptions unique to the heavy force.	Foundation trusts will be subject to fewer checks and constraints over their actions.	The report examines in some detail the impacts, opportunities and constraints of each option.	He cultivates a sense of social responsibility in a marvellous vacuum of normal social constraints.	Nevertheless, it will be all but impossible to shed some of the space constraints.	Review frequency depends on project time constraints, scale, and allocated budgetary contingencies.	Dance and body culture converged on the pursuit of ecstasy, joyful release from the constraints of modern society and bourgeois convention.	In other words, are there any constraints to apply to the examination of the complainant in the later case.	This tolerance is less forgiving than PCI and also requires layout designers to pay attention to an additional set of constraints.	The constraints of a certain kind of commercial fiction have tended to formularize the field over the last 50 years.	Since Arnott is now freed from the constraints of teaching university students, expect more delight from this accomplished sculptor.	Today's aggressor is cunning, ingenious, pragmatic, and at the same time not limited by any moral constraints.	I strongly recommend the book for anyone who thinks manners are boring, deadening constraints on their individuality.	This gets at what ethical egoists intend, while skirting the issue of constraints on moral theories.	Enforce proper treatment protocols and evacuation procedures creating realistic constraints and stress.	In case of GP each breakpoint is determined as a goal so the number of constraints and the deviational variables are drastically increased.	This is not so much due to time constraints as due to the fact that I don't feel like putting intense mental effort into it.	The 1950s and 1960s were a great transition period in China's history that witnessed millions of women emancipated from family constraints.	Any disequilibrium or economic crisis that occurs is the result of constraints imposed on the market from outside.	Despite his dissatisfaction with financial constraints, Mr Martin said he was not in dispute with Mr McCreevy.	However, the exploitation of energy resources has been slow due to a shortage of capital and domestic political constraints.	As an historical matter, positivism arose in opposition to classical natural law theory, according to which there are necessary moral constraints on the content of law.	The data for the Sendai virus also suggest relaxed selective constraints on V, although the lower levels of variation in this clade render this conclusion less certain.	Philosophers, however, were not fettered by such constraints.	Until then, it's brilliant that Jackson has the option to release a more indulgent cut on DVD while being bound by theatrical constraints he can do nothing about.	In doing this, he was also aware of our limited film stock and the budgetary constraints anyone working in Bengali films then had to be careful about.	To defeat this new generation of foes, it must alter its geostrategy and relax its self-imposed constraints on the use of military, political, and social power.	Solving the constraints instantiates the reference time variables of the control commands, which are then sent to the module controllers in order to execute the schedule.	He doesn't like the strict financial constraints governing nations that have taken up the Euro and is chafing under the centralised rules governing deficit spending.	Most scientists strongly distrust large-scale numerical models which rely heavily on tuneable parameters and other artificial constraints to keep them from going haywire.	The second one is that the relatively exiguous constraints on some obnoxious weapons are useless when an occupying power decides that it is at war with a population.	This means that they are not bound by the constraints of the data protection act or any other laws that protect medical or other privileged information.	Its stability does not, therefore, depend on the presence of developmental constraints or constancy of the environment in which the organisms live.	These constraints have made it difficult for staff to reach the rural populace they aim to serve through training programs and related activities.	Upon protein binding, the density of the lipid layer decreases slightly, consistent with geometrical constraints imposed by multivalent binding of GM 1 to the toxin.	Also, brooders probably are limited by anatomical constraints, whereas nest tenders may be less constrained in terms of how many adults can contribute gametes to a nest.	Following a duplication event, the two paralogous genes may evolve under different selective constraints and thus may show different patterns of molecular evolution.	So, among other things, claustrophilia might be a name for wanting to be reminded of the body through spatial constraints.	The low level of wealth in at least the bottom two quintiles of the income distribution suggests that substantial numbers of people are likely to face such constraints.	In addition to the paspalum, architects Steve Forrest and Ken Williams had to work within challenging environmental and stormwater management constraints.	They conclude that psychologists can become considerably more aggressive in their professional advertising practices, while still adhering to appropriate ethical constraints.	The challenge of science is to overcome the constraints of our neurological wetware and understand a physical world that we know only second-hand and incompletely.	Matchmaking is still stuck within the constraints of numerous archaic portrayals.	Faced by those constraints, the soldiers of the Royal Anglians face an uphill task and the official three-year time limit is already looking decidedly niggardly.	While it may be free of the constraints of a typical English or communications program, this department is still shaped by the pragmatics of its institutional context.	Under such constraints, the consolidation of airport finances was achieved through a general policy of applying operating surpluses to supplementary debt redemption.	However, for alcids and diving-petrels that also fly in air, forelimb joint mobility is much lower than in penguins, probably due to constraints of aerial flight.	The success of the producer in penetrating new markets may be affected as much by limitations on where and when goods can be sold as by constraints on marketing.	How does this symbolize constraints on girls and women, and encroach on our right to be simply as we are, at any given moment?	In this particular ground state, the Euclidean point of view, there are no constraints acting on the developable function, and all directions are the same.	Time and resource constraints compelled the panel to define relatively narrow boundaries, excluding important topic areas beyond the scope of the panel's mandate.	Tilney said BR, which has been operating under financial constraints for many years, suffered another blow in 2002 when Sail withdrew its letter of comfort to the bank.	Users of finished-steel products complain of severe supply constraints and of enforced price increases amid contracts that are not as ironclad as they thought.	The tradition of anti-clerical skepticism even allowed geographers like Vivien to cry scientific freedom so polygenism could challenge the religious constraints of a Prichard.	These scientists evidently did not realize how much of our knowledge of proper game behavior precedes the learning of the statable constraints of a particular sport.	Here the response to currency devaluation and capital flight would be to impose further cuts on social policies and further constraints on the poor.	Vogel spins a story of a political culture becoming slowly unbound by previous constraints like party loyalty or seniority.	There is no denying that in Zambia many such establishments, especially the banks, operate money markets that are under serious pecuniary constraints.	With regards to the projects in general the constraints that you are placing on the supply of Portland stone to yourselves is degenerating into a farce.	Distance constraints between microRNA target sites dictate efficacy and cooperativity.	Allometric constraints and variables of reproductive effort in Brachyuran crabs.	In this novel Swithin St Cleeve's idealism pits him against such contemporary social constraints.	They may be subject to global word order constraints that act on the entire sentence.	We know little about the role of these constraints on crop domestication, nor how artificial selection can escape them.	In order to be appropriately knowledgeable, there must be no constraints on the free flow of information and ideas.	Adding to mobility constraints from the inadequate transport systems were bureaucratic mobility restrictions.	As cyborgs, however, women can use new communications media to recreate themselves and go beyond previous constraints imposed on them by society.	Even during pre-layout floor planning, simulation can help clearly define layout constraints and PCB layer stackup.	We present a discriminative model for single-document summarization that integrally combines compression and anaphoricity constraints.	He argued a future communist society would allow people to make decisions about their relationships free of economic constraints.	Eliminating line shafts freed factories of layout constraints and allowed factory layout to be more efficient.	Her illness caused her to literally enact the social constraints of women during this time.	Reduction of evolutionary constraints by paralogues of class B floral homeotic genes.	Free from the constraints of the church he was able to become more political and active in the campaigns that were important to him.	The elasticity of tolerance is determined by the cost and modifiability of structural and resource constraints.	Second, it is not incompatible with our understanding of mental processes that constraints in language should be gradable.	In this paper, they speculate that code constraints on nucleotide sequences allow protein synthesis without the need for a ribosome.	Not all services are available across all the various platforms due to technical constraints.	A characteristic of a field. A data domain specifies a data type and applies the minimum and maximum values allowed and other constraints.	Still, those constraints need to be considered and discussed explicitly for the sake of clarity and exhaustivity when reporting results.	It aims to remove the constraints of deployment, portability and reversibility for end users of Cloud services.	The nuclear approach is the simpler of the two. When two constraints conflict, you can kill one of them.	Excavations in Pompeii show that gardens attaching to residences were scaled down to meet the space constraints of the home of the average Roman.	Data collection, of course, has to comply with specific constraints that guarantee the causal interpretability of that data.	Similar constraints exist for the length, diameter, and materials quality of the shaft.	Kinodynamics is the discipline that tries to solve kinematic constraints and dynamical constraints simultaneously.	Two principal Acts of Parliament have increased the general powers of parish councils, and removed onerous constraints.	Different constraints confronting the carbon trade business has been excellently explored in this paper.	By looking directly at their brains and bypassing the constraints of behaviourism, MRIs can tell us about dogs' internal states.	Syntactical rules determine how word order and sentence structure is constrained, and how those constraints contribute to meaning.	These constraints for species migrations are broadly accepted as a cause of the high rate of endemism in vascular plants other than ferns.	Most historians point to its success as the product of exhaustion, economic prosperity, or the constraints imposed by the Cold War.	Gemination of consonants is distinctive in some languages and then is subject to various phonological constraints that depend on the language.
English	Polish	capacity	Pojemnoæ	And as the most intelligent animal on the planet, no other animal has the capacity to be sapiosexual.	More women were employed in this capacity in Lancashire than on any other coalfield.	In 1961 the couple purchased a second pottery company, Kirkhams Ltd, that had the capacity to manufacture pottery, and not only decorate it.	His home debut versus Calvisano was greeted by a capacity crowd and the signing was regarded as a marketing masterstroke.	Turner stepped down as Head Coach in February 2011 with Darren Edwards taking over in a caretaker capacity.	A capacity crowd of 10,280 were present at The Gnoll on 26 March 2005 to witness the Ospreys claim their first piece of silverware.	Digita operates the DTT and Mobile Terrestrial networks and rents capacity to broadcasters on its network on a neutral market basis.	Kids In Glass Houses played their final show on 31 October 2014 in the Great Hall, Cardiff to a capacity crowd.	The ratio of actual productivity in a year to this theoretical maximum is called the capacity factor.	An interconnected electric power grid will already include reserve generating and transmission capacity to allow for equipment failures.	In Australia, the state of South Australia generates around half of the nation's wind power capacity.	There is no cost saving if you run a nuclear station at less than full capacity.	When launched she was the world's largest car ferry in terms of vehicle capacity.	Double hulls are being considered for future submarines in the United States to improve payload capacity, stealth and range.	Early booking is always advisable during holiday periods as even the campsites are often full to capacity.	The advent of the steam turbine in central station service, around 1906, allowed great expansion of generating capacity.	Power stations vary greatly in capacity depending on the type of power plant and on historical, geographical and economic factors.	However, many power plants usually produce much less power than their rated capacity.	It was reported to have an annual capacity factor of 32 percent, not much different from current wind machines.	Surface cover increases capacity by retarding runoff, reducing compaction and other processes.	An increase in ultraviolet radiation has the capacity to decrease phytoplankton abundance, which forms the basis of the food chain in the ocean.	Originality may be the capacity to look at the same facts and see new explanations.	Elimination of conflicts with other directions of traffic dramatically improves safety and capacity.	British Rail and SNCF contracted with Eurotunnel to use half the tunnel's capacity for this purpose.	The decision considers carrying capacity, regeneration rates and future values.	During the next rainfall event, the infiltration capacity will cause the soil to be saturated at a different rate.	When this exceeded the capacity of the ships' magazines, cordite was stored in insecure places.	Compared to shipping by railroad, pipelines have lower cost per unit and higher capacity.	Offshore capacity increased by 832 MW in 2016, of which 636 MW were made in China.	It is the largest offshore wind farm in the world, and the largest wind farm in Europe by megawatt capacity.	There are concrete plans to build a new stadium with a capacity of at least 63,000 seats.	However, the city lacks a large capacity room, the theatre can accommodate only 700 spectators.	The last big project called Port 2000 increased the handling capacity for containers.	Most U.S. corporations today are overmanaged and underled. They need to develop their capacity to exercise leadership.	In 1202, disaffected patrons petitioned the French king to summon John to answer their charges in his capacity as John's feudal lord in France.	The offensive capacity of the Second Army was exhausted and defensive positions were occupied, while Joffre sent four more corps to reinforce.	The most useful proved to be the motor lifeboats, which had a reasonably good capacity and speed.	The King Baudouin Stadium is a concert and competition facility with a 50,000 seat capacity, the largest in Belgium.	However, due to its capacity for photosynthesis, the photic zone has the greatest biodiversity and biomass of all oceanic zones.	Researchers have suggested that early hominins were thus under evolutionary pressure to increase their capacity to create and use tools.	Together with their diminished foraging capacity, this can rapidly result in dehydration and metabolic imbalance.	A capacity is cognitively penetrable in this sense if that capacity is affected by the subject's knowledge or ignorance of the domain.	Beyond runway capacity issues, the weather is a major factor in traffic capacity.	Tandem rotor helicopters are also in widespread use due to their greater payload capacity.	There is a direct relationship between the number of channels available and the throughput capacity of the ADSL connection.	Although none were ever built, several derivatives of Black Arrow were also proposed, as ways of increasing its payload capacity.	Note that overuse is a relative term, and capacity varies greatly between individuals.	When the Boston Marathon opened up registration for its 2011 running, the field capacity was filled within eight hours.	As a dairyman increases the size of his herd, he must also increase the capacity of his milking parlor in order to harvest the additional milk.	Gypsy brewers typically use facilities of larger makers with excess capacity.	As of 31 December 2014, there were 20 functioning borstal schools in India, with a combined total capacity of 2,108 inmates.	Likewise, increased cranial capacity generally coincides with the more sophisticated tools occasionally found with fossils.	The Centre Court of the Tennis Am Rothenbaum venue, with a capacity of 13,200 people, is the largest in Germany.	In 2004, water supply systems had a total capacity of 90 million cubic metres a day.	Frisian mercenaries were hired to assist the Roman invasion of Britain in the capacity of cavalry.	The Treasury was entrusted to the pococurante capacity of Grafton, the Exchequer to the erratic genius of Charles Townshend.	The limited capacity for cargo and crew were their main drawbacks, but did not hinder its success.	Is a new stadium launched in 2014, located north of Jeddah, is used mostly for football, reaching a full capacity of 62,241 spectators.	The plan as originally conceived called for the construction of five dams that would have had a total generating capacity of 34,500 megawatts.	The cargo terminal operates with 6 large coolers with 17000 boxes capacity each plus 2 coolers tunnels.	Nowadays it has a scenic shore, typical resort houses, modern buildings, a port with mooring capacity, department stores, restaurants, and pubs.	The new powerhouse comprised two tube turbines with a total capacity of 4,500 kW under 18.3 feet head.	Melaka United uses the Hang Jebat Stadium in Krubong as their home ground with a capacity of 40,000 spectators.	This makes it a superb large capacity wilderness boat, but requires skill on windy, broad waters when lightly loaded.	It has a capacity of 1,000,000,000 cubic metres and irrigates large portions of the coastal region.	A new set of guidelines are now in place to help build endogenous capacity in health research through training and access to new technology.	Plants have low levels of sodium and cattle have developed the capacity of seeking salt by taste and smell.	The state has eighty dams with a total capacity of 595,337 million cubic meters.	Eden Gardens, which has a capacity of 68,000 as of 2017 hosted the final match of the 1987 Cricket World Cup.	If an activity fell outside the company's capacity it was said to be ultra vires and void.	For example, questions as to whether a contract is valid may depend on the capacity of the parties to enter into a contract.	The Knesset can adopt and amend Basic Laws acting through its capacity as a Constituent Assembly.	The road network suffered from inadequate load capacity, poor surfacing and deficient roadside servicing.	However, the British monarch often undertakes visits and speaks to the devolved bodies in a less official capacity.	Anne's resentment grew worse when William refused to allow Prince George to serve in the military in an active capacity.	Additionally, court rules may permit lawyers to issue subpoenas themselves in their capacity as officers of the court.	The reduction of capacity led to a legacy of redundant mills, which were readily reused for other industrial purposes.	Hot blast also allowed higher furnace temperatures, which increased the capacity of furnaces.	In general, a joint composed of similar fasteners is the most efficient because all fasteners reach capacity simultaneously.	In many of the mines of the great vein region of the Hocking valley the capacity is equal to 1,200 to 1,500 tons per day.	A new terminal opened in January 2008, replacing a much smaller building which had exceeded capacity.	The usual size of furnaces is 50 to 100 tons, but for some special processes they may have a capacity of 250 or even 500 tons.	At times of low electrical demand, the excess generation capacity is used to pump water into the higher reservoir.	In 2008 a major expansion of Granite City was announced, including a new coke plant with an annual capacity of 650,000 tons.	A report by the telecommunications ministry on the phone network revealed a severe capacity problem.	A sign, or representamen, is something which stands to somebody for something in some respect or capacity.	The capacity dried mosses have to absorb fluids, has made their use practical in both medical and culinary uses.	The second pipe could deliver 12 million gallons a day, giving a total capacity of the aqueduct of twenty million gallons a day.	But as capacity increased, the site's underground workings were extensively expanded.	Railway lines were constructed over the mountains in the early 19th century but they were of low capacity and unimprovable.	Thus the brand-new caravel which took Cadamosto to Senegambia in 1455 was a vessel of some fifty-four tons capacity.	Manners are partly factitious, but, mainly, there must be capacity for culture in the blood. Else all culture is vain.	A discussion of the deity's capacity to enter into a contractual agreement will, of course, not ensue due to its obvious farceness.	In this work, the capacity of the Gaussian fullduplex two-hop relay channel with self-interference is studied.	Hot blast also raised the operating temperature of furnaces, increasing their capacity.	After the establishment of Scottish independence, Robert I turned his attention to building up a Scottish naval capacity.	If we associate information load with entertaining challenges and the development of our capacity, might our infostress decrease?	Intensive care units are stretched beyond capacity and further stresses on the system could compromise safety.	The justices are also members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council and spend some of their time in that capacity.	The age of legal capacity under Scots law is 16, while it was previously 18 under English law.	The Bank also acts as the bankers' bank, especially in its capacity as a lender of last resort.	Various Land Rover models have been used in a military capacity, most notably by the British Army and Australian Army.	Air Force acquisition chief, said that Lockheed Martin needed to reduce manufacturing capacity to match the reduced market for their aircraft.	Psychology will be based on a new foundation, that of the necessary acquirement of each mental power and capacity by gradation.	In addition the wider gauge allowed for larger carriages and thus greater freight capacity.	The government wishes to improve reliability and capacity between Junctions 11 by Cannock and Junction 19 near Knutsford.	The capacity of a line is obtained by multiplying the car capacity, the train length, and the service frequency.	The highest attained capacity is 80,000 people per hour by the MTR Corporation in Hong Kong.	They are double deck, originally with open balconies and a capacity of 78 passengers, 32 seats on the lower deck and 46 on the upper.	In quadruple track, trains are sorted in various ways in order to make maximum use of track capacity.	Terminal 2's current capacity is around 8 million passengers a year, this will be extended to ultimately handle 25 million passengers a year.	This means MPs and ministers have little capacity to be influenced by improper pressure.	When aggregate demand falls below the potential output of the economy, there is an output gap where some productive capacity is left unemployed.	Anyone who comes through our doors will be welcomed with love and service, based on their need and our capacity to provide.	The sugar, he argued, was stored at his house legally, and Teach had visited him only on business, in his official capacity.	The light-emitting capacity of an LED is measured in megacandela or mcd. Small commercial LEDs range from 10 to about 5000 mcd.	Scotland's largest stadium, with a capacity of over 67,000, is Murrayfield in Edinburgh, home to the national team and the Scottish Rugby Union.	The ground has a capacity of just over 2,000 with 250 seats in the stand behind the southern goal.	As a result of the bid, Leeds drew up plans to redevelop parts of Elland Road and increase the stadium's capacity.	In 2007 the club stated they were considering options to increase stadium capacity by redevelopment of the current site or a move to a new site.	There are recognised sports that have never been on an Olympic programme in any capacity, including chess and surfing.	The Olympic Park would be served by ten separate railway lines with a combined capacity of 240,000 passengers per hour.	Plans to build on the current site of Court 13 were dismissed due to the high capacity of games played at the 2012 Olympic Games.	The output capacity increased to 340,000 vehicles per year with the inauguration of a second production line.	The engine project continued, enlarging the capacity to 700cc in 1970 with some race entries sponsored by Geoff Monty before finally folding.	Paragraph 1 was rephrased, now putting the capacity to perform functions in the first place.	In these cases the Netherlands acts alone, according to its constitution and in its capacity as the Kingdom of the Netherlands.	However, the founding EEC members remained skeptical regarding Ireland's economic capacity, neutrality, and unattractive protectionist policy.	Thirty minas of lapis lazuli in a solid block, two minas each their rims, six kor of oil, the capacity of both.	It establishes the function and duties of the Federal Head of State in the capacity as Supreme Commander.	Cargo capacity is expected to double over existing aircraft, both in payload and volume, and range is increased substantially as well.	I have the capacity of being more wicked than any example that man could set me, and.	Further plans are afoot to double the track from Monkstown to Templepatrick, to further increase capacity on the Londonderry line.	According to the DfT, the primary purpose of HS2 is to provide additional capacity on the rail network from London to the Midlands and North.	During his period as chairman he reduced company's refining capacity in Europe.	When this happens other power sources must have the capacity to meet demand.	The play attracted capacity audiences until July, when Tree insisted on going on holiday, and the production closed.	For various portions of the piece, a number of the instrumentalists perform in a 'soloist' capacity.	Mitch Winehouse had also stated that his daughter's lungs were operating at 70 percent capacity and that she had an irregular heartbeat.	Since the launch of the platform in 1998, all of the ITV licensees have received gifted capacity on the digital terrestrial television platform.	And in 2014, Ulster completed the complete reconstruction of Ravenhill Stadium into a modern 18,000 capacity stadium.	It is also used in an official capacity at Royal residences in Scotland when the Sovereign is not present.	Institutional capacity and governance in the sector are weak, reflecting general characteristics of the public sector in Saudi Arabia.	The main components of SBI dealt with staffing concerns, removal capacity, surveillance and tactical infrastructure and interior enforcement.	It is mainly used for football matches, has a seating capacity of 21,000 spectators.	A decline in the trade would mean over capacity in shipping and a fall in owner's profit.	Although without scientific or technical training, he displayed a great capacity for understanding technical matters.	These arms are used by the Queen in her official capacity as monarch of the United Kingdom.	The new stadium is expected to have a similar capacity to Pittodrie Stadium.	According to a 2008 Master Plan the departure lounge is at capacity and congested during peak operations.
English	Polish	feasible	wykonalny	To make a short escape to this coastal Iberian country feasible, I concentrated my travels on just one area.	If the technology is truly feasible and saves money as they say it does, then the private market will be into it like a rat up a drainpipe.	If plant pulling is not feasible, flower head removal helps reduce the spread of the seeds.	The total raw score was then determined by counting the number of different feasible uses generated for all three objects.	Based on the above hopeful interactions, I am convinced that joint custody is workable and feasible in this case.	He said adding boxes by enlarging the post office building is not feasible because of the costs of renovating the structure.	To them it's entirely feasible that being a Yooper is less of a birthright and more of a way of life.	So we should welcome and push for a leadership election campaign as soon as it's feasible.	He needed to make sure the procedure was even feasible, that the tissue around a human ankle bone was soft enough to be penetrated by sutures.	The results indicates that the aplanatic hologram lenses are feasible for optical disk applications.	Screening the general population for glaucoma is neither cost effective nor logistically feasible.	Several proposals have been considered, but as yet no feasible plans are in place.	So it's feasible to raise enough antibody there to either completely block or very substantially attenuate the effects that nicotine would have.	It is not feasible by any means to pit songwriting against poetry, for they are one and the same.	Therefore, we arrived at a feasible product through mixing the silk fiber with the Manila hemp fiber.	The source individual's blood must be tested for hepatitis B virus and HIV as soon as feasible.	Clearly, tetanic stimulation of the quadriceps muscle is not feasible in unanesthetized human subjects.	Maceration is the only feasible method of producing a tincture from an unorganized drug such as gum benzoin or propolis resin.	The big fella no longer is demanding a trade, which wasn't feasible anyway, or to be waived, which was unlikely.	When biohacking becomes more feasible the biohackers will also have very different goals.	Most of the projects were obviously not the kind of things feasible in a more modestly funded group show.	Organizational and project-management risks have sunk many a project that was technically feasible.	If several people in a unit or department want flexible schedules, it may not be feasible to accommodate all of them.	This is very hard to do, and it's not very feasible that a hefty sort of spaceship could fly around nippily just like a plane.	It seemed a feasible plan on paper, to the top and back in a day and a half.	These calculators have done their part in making the use of computational devices in the classroom feasible.	We need to establish at the very least whether it is feasible to at least odorise the raw gas by adding Mercaptan for safety.	Although appendiceal carcinoids are potentially lethal neoplasms, tumor eradication is usually feasible and effective.	However, the plan was put on ice after a study showed that a third network was not economically feasible.	The approach is feasible to implement within the health service and the patient sample was non-selective.	In the absence of such policies, strategizing for the promotion of mental health is not feasible.	But Turkey would make a separate EU strike force much more feasible by providing cheap, brave cannon fodder.	This new generation of cermets also is capable of handling interrupted cutting operations that before weren't feasible.	Due to the high pressure of my project, it seems not feasible to do it soon.	Part of their work is to pinpoint whether projects are feasible and can be sustainable.	Don't these penny-pinchers realize that discounts and freebies aren't always feasible?	There are lots of problems with that sort of design, but it should be practically feasible.	The preferred criterion model was found to be feasible and acceptable to general practitioners.	It may not, in fact, be feasible or even possible to continue to tell or rely on only that kind of story.	A public health policy of mass screening for ovarian cancer may not prove feasible for several reasons.	For small companies, where centralized management is not a desideratum, this solution may be feasible.	However, this time consuming procedure is hardly feasible in general practice and therefore is seldom done.	This is an especially useful method for limiting items to only those considered feasible in practice.	We truly believe that this is a transport policy that is manageable, practical and feasible.	He also explores the circumstances in which the privatization of previously common property might be feasible and legitimate.	Barriers should be used when fences are not feasible or in addition to fencing to enhance security.	Just as it's entirely feasible to judge a book by its cover, so we can deduce much from this CD's insert.	Chemically preventing senescence by directly applying cytokinin hasn't been successful and is not fiscally feasible for the industry.	He has also raised the issue of whether it is feasible to use postal codes to help improve the postal services around the country.	Anything that is reasonable in price and technically feasible that can reduce carbon footprint might work.	It is feasible that the frock coat was so called because the length was reminiscent of earlier clothing articles.	With a power line in place, the two flimsy solar cell solution on opposite sides of the pole is feasible.	However, recent changes in back-end switch design now make it practical and feasible.	Gene therapy is feasible, and some preliminary studies have already been carried out in Gaucher's disease.	If none of these options is considered feasible, the company must decide how best to delete the product.	At present neither go-devil can sample formation fluids, but it should be feasible to develop this capability.	Because a negative refractive index implies dispersion, and thus a certain degree of loss, perfect lens operation is not feasible.	The upcoming September security assessment may be the first sign of whether a drawdown is feasible.	Different lines of evidence indicate that endothermy as it is known from modern birds and mammals may not have been feasible for most, particularly larger, dinosaurs.	This would certainly be feasible in Europe and possibly in the Americas.	It is feasible he made his point in even stronger terms in the dressing room beforehand, but there was little evidence early on of his sermon provoking the desired reaction.	It is also charged with establishing and promoting the use of solar energy, especially in areas were grid electrification is not feasible due to excessively high costs.	Serious scientists began to argue it would be feasible to grow meat in a lab in recent decades.	As the US has found, world domination is not a feasible project any more, if it ever was.	Cooperating with Assad is also the only feasible way, at present, to lessen the humanitarian nightmare in Syria.	Clinical observations on traditional remedies are feasible and useful.	It is no longer feasible to convince the multitudes to expect little from their leaders, now that they have learned of international standards of governance.	Equipping all jetliners with antimissile technology is neither financially nor logistically feasible.	During the lunch break I went to the bathroom to perform an ablution for the Zuhar prayers but in the Western style bathroom it was not a very feasible idea.	Many computational tasks, such as decodings or the factorization of very large numbers, would become feasible that are infeasible with present machines.	In each case, the existence of feasible bionomic equilibrium points and that of partially feasible bionomic equilibrium points are considered separately.	It is still feasible technically for them to achieve switch-over by 2010, but whether the market will have developed to a sufficient extent is anybody's guess.	The use of the F-22 over Syria presently is easily feasible and extremely logical.	It seems feasible that simple robots designed to perform menial household tasks and non-complex low-paid jobs are likely to become common in our lifetimes.	Sensible reform is feasible and no more costly than the existing shambles.	I would build a spare room, if such a thing were humanly feasible.	True to his ambition of having as many home-bred players in his squad as is feasible, the manager was delighted at being able to give five young players their first run.	The forthcoming civil disobedience will be non-violent, organisers stress, but the whiff of brutalism conjures up a world where no such caveat is feasible.	With urban transportation, higher urban densities are critical in order to allow public transit and walking to be feasible urban transport options.	In this study, the decreased antigenicity made the heterologous BAMG transplants feasible without immunosuppression.	The idea is solid awesome sauce, I just don't see it as a feasible undertaking for this project at this point in time.	His plan to rid Trafalgar Square of pigeons by bringing in peregrine falcons to eat them was dismissed as not feasible.	Once a heddled loom is used, the spiraling encircling action of twining is no longer feasible.	That role was no longer militarily or financially feasible, as Britain's withdrawal from Greece in 1947 painfully demonstrated.	Trusts are told to make a surplus when that is not feasible, then lose funds for being in deficit.	It was not deemed feasible to run bumps racing on the Tideway, so a timed format was adopted and soon caught on.	This has only recently become technically feasible with advances in GPS and newer underwater visual devices.	On 24 October, Gamelin directed that an advance beyond the Escaut was only feasible if the French moved fast enough to forestall the Germans.	Hence genetic design of a commercial variety that combines the advantages of types u and U requires fine tuning, but may be feasible.	Bloch argues that this form of ritual communication makes rebellion impossible and revolution the only feasible alternative.	These numbers were only feasible in times of peace, however, and dwindled in time of conflict.	The jacquard allowed individual control of each warp thread, row by row without repeating, so very complex patterns were suddenly feasible.	The main and only feasible overland route connecting the coastal plain of Liguria to the north Italian plain runs through Bocchetta di Altare.	If a MRF deals with minimal outthrows and contaminants with its shipments to end markets, pulling material from a wider distance is feasible.	We rejiggered our business plan to something more feasible and started asking friends and family for money.	According to Arctic Slope's calculations, 50,000 tons would have to be marketable from the Deadfall Syncline site to make the operation feasible.	Using undoped EB form of PANi is feasible in anticorrosion coatings, especially under mild conditions.	Abstract The initial feasible basis is a elementary concept in simplex method of solving linear programming problem.	And now that the housing market is beginning to recover, couples who have put off divorcing are seeing it as more feasible.	The preferred treatment of symptomatic hemangioma is surgical enucleation wherever feasible.	All simplices share the diagonal of the feasible region and are of equal hyper-volume.	National Laboratory, one of several sonoluminescence specialists who have theorized that fusion in collapsing bubbles is feasible.	Free drainage using condome catheters in men is feasible as long as the sphincters are inactivated.	We fully expect our 18-French system will also make alternative access through the subclavian arteries feasible.	As cast iron was not yet technologically feasible for the Europeans, the only possibility was to use wrought iron bars hammered together and held with hoops like barrels.	This is entirely feasible in the warm, ductile lower crust where rocks are easily deformed, but runs into problems in the upper crust which is far colder and more brittle.	In 1937, the Minister argued that a continental commitment was no longer feasible and that France did not now expect a big land army along with the navy and air force.	Reducing eutrophication should be a key concern when considering future policy, and a sustainable solution for everyone, including farmers and ranchers, seems feasible.	He considers the very often shaky relationships of Basil with the see of Rome and whether or not a synodal structure of church government is not a most feasible alternative.	Historic presence of any summering or wintering grounds within the Mediterranean Basin including Black and Azov Sea is unknown although it has been considered to be feasible.	During DVD commentaries for the series, the programme makers acknowledge these as errors but also point out they are in fact perfectly feasible, given Sam's situation.	Each point on the curve shows potential total output for the economy, which is the maximum feasible output of one good, given a feasible output quantity of the other good.	Although there are clinical situations where transfusion with red blood cells is the only clinically appropriate option, clinicians look at whether alternatives as feasible.	As the figure of merit continues to increase through a continued research effort, the use of thermoelectricity for air cooling has become more feasible.	Enterococcus faecalis belongs to the class Bacilli, and it is feasible and testable that this symbiont could contribute to seed digestion by producing cellulolytic enzymes.	In all this universe of possibilities, there is only one feasible option.	A rongeur is used to fracture the styloid as proximally as feasible.	For this reason other access sites are being used, such as transapical, carotid, subclavian, and transaortic, mainly when femoral approach is not feasible.	When space travel becomes feasible, I plan to visit Alpha Centauri.	That he married the wrong sister is scarcely a feasible explanation, for Mary was hardly more than a schoolgirl when Dickens first came into the Hogarth family.	For strong walkers, other more accessible approaches are feasible which have the advantage of being more accessible than Wasdale from major tourist centres such as Keswick.	It is possible that the two principal alternative conceptions of the inexhaustibility of the microworld do not exhaust all approaches that are feasible here.	If it proves to be feasible, I can give Ashton a chance to make good as an engineer.	And was he now called upon to advise the most feasible way in which a matricide could be accomplished?	The upkeep of a grass court will be expensive unless it is feasible to move its position from time to time.	The more Hetty thought over her plan, the simpler and more feasible it appeared.	It has only seemed feasible to append some comparisons with Yuki and Miwok beliefs.	They were ready to hear, and ready to act when a feasible plan should be proposed.	Mr. and Mrs. Accleton were at somewhat of a nonplus as to the most feasible means of procuring the attendance of Sally.	The kept woman status eventually became less economically feasible, less advantageous.	Now at last they saw a feasible plan for leaving the island upon a seaworthy craft.	The assessor contacted Pueblo County's Information Systems Department to see if the idea was feasible.	Mrs. cotman presented a feasible plan for raising money which was accepted by the convention.	Operative interference is seldom feasible in phlebitis of the superior sagittal or cavernous sinuses.	The pretext of an opera engagement was so much the more feasible, as there chanced to be on that very night a more than ordinary attraction at the Academie Royale.
English	Polish	divine	boski	So you can't split the human and the divine, the human in fact reveals the divine.	He made a divine tuna dish with an avocado salsa and followed it up with king prawn kebabs with Haloumi cheese and fresh pineapple yum!	In Indian legend, every rishi, or yogi, who possesses divine power has a retreat in the mountain vastness of the Himalayas.	We walk humbly before God, not claiming divine assurances as our own prerogative.	Christ's body as a necessary conduit in the relationship between the human and the divine finds frequent reiteration in Herbert's poetry.	Fundamentalist clergy wandered the back roads and river paths between Staines and Richmond, calling for divine retribution.	Which brings us again to the bishops, who more than anyone should try to govern in accord with divine justice and mercy.	Ultimately I think that the quest for God is about searching for threads of the divine in the tapestry of human experience.	And though he is never less than insightful, it's tempting to divine a special quickening when Heaney writes about his countrymen.	In ancient philosophy, quintessence was believed to be the stuff of heavenly bodies, which Aristotle credited as divine, alive and intelligent.	Ask the Spirit to give you divine insight and revelation that touches your heart as much as it teaches your mind.	In this modern perspective, the death penalty expresses not the divine judgment on objective evil but rather the collective anger of the group.	While Adoptionists believed Jesus to be totally human and not divine, Marcionites believed him to be totally divine and not human.	The kesh, the kachha, the kara, the kanga and the kirpan are the gifts, chiseled out for the Khalsa, by the divine artist.	For Bulgakov, kenosis, the divine self-diminution, is the core revelation of who God is.	Jacob has bid us farewell with an angry post threatening us all with a divine reckoning.	Now, emperor is a royal title, bringing to mind divine bloodlines, elaborate coronations and incest.	She seems to effortlessly convey regality in her movements and gestures, and her singing is divine.	There is no divine revelation concerning the true nature of the New York Times.	Over a span of 23 years, he received the divine revelation of the Quran, sometimes one verse or several verses at a time.	Thus, the task of making life Holy is paramount to giving reality to the Kabbalah and to divine revelation in faith moments.	Breath has been used for everything from stress management to psychological self-therapy to rebirthing your divine self.	Vedic Scripture proclaims ahimsa, nonhurtfulness, is a primary religious obligation in fulfillment of dharma, divine law.	Compassion, service, and a concern for justice are the imperative expressions of our divine worship.	They had betrayed his trust by falling into sin but had been redeemed by the divine mission of Jesus.	The tsar was autocrat by divine right, sustained by the endorsement of the autonomous Orthodox church under its patriarch.	The amrit that it holds symbolizes the divine consciousness, which is the true source of immortality.	Back before any of us were here on earth, Ira Gershwin was writing divine, clever and wondrous lyrics for another age.	Then my feet no longer rest on earth, but standing by Zeus himself I take my fill of ambrosia, the divine dish.	By contrast, in Scripture, God used his undeniable miracles to authenticate his divine revelation.	As I concentrate harder, a waft of wind ruffles my hair and I sense divine inspiration.	They need to read tea-leaves, divine the intentions of all and sundry, and work their publics into a froth based on those efforts.	Sunlight, for instance, often stands in for divine grace or revelation.	Geniuses must have a wild look, their hair must be in disarray, their mind must be in torment on account of their receptivity to divine afflatus, which comes in via the hair.	Please be advised that launching this feature the day after Yom Kippur is not coincidental, but divine timing.	A giant, over-the-top mess of contradictions and giddiness and mistakes and something weirdly pure and divine.	The devotees sing bhajans, chant incantations, and priests perform aarti and puja, invoking the blessings of Shiva, the divine, the pure, the absolute.	The whole of divine revelation comes to full fruition in him.	This, too, goes beyond my experience and my understanding of the ontological scale as consisting essentially of mineral, plant, animal, human, angelical, and divine.	In the 1980s, your community allowed hundreds of thousands of us to die because you believed AIDS was divine punishment.	In short, a quant combs through price ratios and mathematical relationships between companies or trading vehicles in order to divine profitable trading opportunities.	The divine judgment is unexpected, kenotic, eschatological, and apophatically affirmed and denied.	It was only through these intermediaries that the general masses had access to the divine.	Later he was confronted by two labourers who were convinced that he possessed a divine power that could work miracles.	In the upper left the author is seen writing the text under divine inspiration.	Mark Antony had lost the support of many Romans and supporters of Caesar when he initially opposed the motion to elevate Caesar to divine status.	According to this theory, the title was a sign that the bearers ruled under a divine mandate.	According to Frazer, the sacred king represented the spirit of vegetation, a divine John Barleycorn.	Holy Orders is one of the Seven Sacraments, enumerated at the Council of Trent, that the Magisterium considers to be of divine institution.	Some Hindu philosophers and theologians argue for a transcendent metaphysical structure with a single divine essence.	The Boers saw their victory at the Battle of Blood River as evidence that they had found divine favour for their exodus from British rule.	In the Byzantine state, the emperor was the sole and absolute ruler, and his power was regarded as having divine origin.	For example, the Black Death was thought to have been caused by both divine and natural origins.	The Sapa Inca was conceptualized as divine and was effectively head of the state religion.	The outdoor procession during Bright Week takes place either after paschal matins or the paschal divine liturgy.	Tlatocayotl, or the principle of rulership, established that this divine right was inherited by descent.	He may also have been inspired by the model of Archangel Michael with the idea of divine punishment.	In this context, the writings of the Anglican divine William Bedell are particularly illuminating.	Human beings could learn about God only through divine revelation, he believed, and Scripture therefore became increasingly important to him.	Finally, Calvin taught that if rulers rise up against God they lose their divine right and must be deposed.	It thus forms the basis for establishing a relationship with a divine agency, as well as with other participants in the liturgy.	Whether or not reasoned discussion about the divine is possible has long been a point of contention.	In those Masses where measured music and organ are customary, nothing profane should be intermingled, but only hymns and divine praises.	The kokutai ideas of the Mito school were embraced, and the divine ancestry of the Imperial House was emphasized.	Instead of revering the divine, Renaissance artists honoured themselves, arrogantly celebrating human sensuousness.	There is often little consciousness of meter, as if the music had reached a state of divine rhythmlessness.	They suppose two other divine hypostases superior thereunto, which were perfectly secret from matter.	Does not the whole tenor of the divine law positively require humility and meekness to all men?	We never go beyond the present.... Tomorrow never comes. Our existence is enclosed within the divine moment, the eternal now.	The divine virtues of truth and equity are the only bands of friendship, the only supports of society.	What drives the human impulse to ascribe divine meaning to tragic events?	It is a widely known fact that modern Zoroastrian worship is aniconic, with fire serving as the only icon of the divine.	Like two sides of the same coin, or a divine yin and yang, the Master of Tora painted these annunciations side by side.	At Delphi, the human querent was enjoined to acknowledge the divine essence of the sacred answerer before being admitted to his presence.	The distinction between divine law and the juristic interpretations that constitute Islamic law is not made clear.	Who does not feel the passage of divine dreams over his troubled life when the infinite meadows of heaven are suddenly abloom with light?	Such feelings promptly yielded to his habitual affiance in the divine love.	It was a strange conceit, with our owne affliction to goe about to please and appay divine goodnesse.	The judgment of any casuist or learned divine concerning the state of a man's soul, is not sufficient to give him confidence.	Unlike some of the more colorful faith healers of the past, Dr. Krieger does not claim miraculous cures or divine interventions.	On the one hand, it contains three implied narratives of each of the three divine engenderings.	This, they will say, was figurative, and served, by God's appointment, but for a time, to shadow out the true glory of a more divine sanctity.	He in turn is represented as an inherently divine being, as indicated again by his glanceless mask-like face.	But if the Goddess chose to help you by giving Miss Hoover the Hershey squirts, such is her divine wisdom.	Wells and springs had female, divine links exemplified by the goddess Sulis worshipped at Bath.	God can immediately immute, change, corrupt, destroy, or annihilate whatsoever pleaseth His divine majesty.	All his victories, especially Agincourt, were attributed to divine intervention.	Ultimately, Elizabeth would insist she was married to her kingdom and subjects, under divine protection.	Those who hear the voice of the Son of man and live, are so many Lazaruses called to the life divine.	He also contended that discussing the soul is impossible because it is made of a divine substance, and humanity cannot perceive the divine.	Like Samuel Vince, Babbage also wrote a defense of the belief in divine miracles.	This was part of a medieval teleological understanding of nature in which all things have an intended role to play in a divine cosmic order.	Romans also believed that every person, place or thing had its own genius, or divine soul.	Christ, therefore, is understood as being both fully divine and fully human, including possessing a human soul.	According to Graham Schweig, Hinduism has the strongest presence of the divine feminine in world religion from ancient times to the present.	Nanak stated that the human Guru is mortal and not divine, who is to be respected and loved but not worshipped.	He was seen as of divine descent, was the leader of the religious cult and was responsible for the fertility of the land and military victory.	The divine right of kings, divine right, or God's mandate is a political and religious doctrine of royal and political legitimacy.	Shulgi of Ur was among the first Mesopotamian rulers to declare himself to be divine.	Mariana thus challenged divine right theories by stating in certain circumstances, tyrannicide could be justified.	Rubbra recalled that he would divine a student's difficulties and gently guide him to finding the solution for himself.	Thus the poem merely implies that there may, or may not, have been a divine visit, when there was briefly heaven in England.	This defeat was then attributed as divine retribution for Domnall Brecc turning his back on his prior alliance.	Throughout much of European history, the divine right of kings was the theological justification for absolute monarchy.	This recipe, from someone who really knows her tiramisu, is mondo rich, utterly divine, and simple.	The same awful impressions excited by the divine threatenings and punishments recorded in Scripture, and by the moral order of the world.	Muslims believe that prophets are human and not divine, though some are able to perform miracles to prove their claim.	Artists could claim divine inspiration, thereby raising visual art to a status formerly given only to poetry.	At the same time, the level of skill required to produce quality work was recognized, and even considered a divine gift.	Thomson's own views favoured a version of theistic evolution sped up by divine guidance.	Similarly, gold is associated with perfect or divine principles, such as in the case of the golden ratio and the golden rule.	This inspired Frank Ewart who claimed to have received as a divine prophecy revealing a nontrinitarian conception of God.	The fight broke out after the divine plowman Amaethon stole a dog, a lapwing, and a roebuck from Arawn.	Whose breath of mouth divine, Of old from the deep gulf outbrought me, And who all beautiful outwrought me.	Let us, saith he, celebrate this feast, not in a panegyrical but divine, not in a worldly but supersecular manner.	Irenaeus' opponents also claimed that the wellsprings of divine inspiration were not dried up, which is the doctrine of continuing revelation.	According to them, the body is the titanic part, while soul is the divine part of humans.	When a popular Sunni televangelist does it, to forgive is divine.	Belief in the revelation of the Tao from the divine Laozi resulted in the formation of the Way of the Celestial Master, the first organized religious Taoist sect.	As the leader of a neofeudal Prussian political party, he campaigned for the divine right of kings, the power of the nobility, and episcopal polity for the church.	A person enters the public ministry through the divine call.	Rulers, be they local teteuctin or tlatoani, or central Huetlatoani, were seen as representatives of the gods and therefore ruled by divine right.	The divine king was the centre of political power, exercising ultimate control over the administrative, economic, judicial, and military functions of the polity.	However, Alexander also was a pragmatic ruler who understood the difficulties of ruling culturally disparate peoples, many of whom lived in kingdoms where the king was divine.	The essence of a divine oath is an invocation of divine agency to be a guarantor of the oath taker's own honesty and integrity in the matter under question.	A common source for answers to these questions are beliefs in transcendent divine beings such as deities or a singular God, although not all religions are theistic.	This is how Greek culture was defined as many Athenians felt the presence of their gods through divine intervention in significant events in their lives.	Bridging the age when gods lived alone and the age when divine interference in human affairs was limited was a transitional age in which gods and mortals moved together.	By telling or reenacting myths, members of traditional societies detach themselves from the present, returning to the mythical age, thereby coming closer to the divine.	He was supposed to be educated in liberal arts and divine scripture, but elected to study only holy doctrine, and to forsake his noble birth in favour of a religious life.	No less important to fannish than mundane drinking, this useful beverage is even given divine honors by the sect of Beeros and worshipped as either Beer or Bheer.	The fact that the universe as a whole is a coherent and efficiently functioning system likewise, in this view, indicates a divine intelligence behind it.	Christ in His divine nature captured the keys of Hades and broke the bonds which had imprisoned the human souls who had been held there through their separation from God.	Methodists hold that sacraments are sacred acts of divine institution.	During the brief period of absolute monarchies in Europe, the divine right of kings was an important competing justification for the exercise of sovereignty.	The miracles were proofs of the divine nature of the biblical message.	Virgil also provided divine justification for Roman rule over the world.	The doctrines of the evangelical faith which Methodism has held from the beginning and still holds are based upon the divine revelation recorded in the Holy Scriptures.	However, because of their differences over the doctrines of divine predestination and election, many people view these schools of thought as opposed to each other.	This monstrous parody of divine compassion... performs, in the presence of moving picture cameras, a grotesque parody upon the laying on of hands and the healing of the sick.	In this sense it is now not used. Adam, in innocence, might have held, by the continued influx of the divine will and power, a state of immortality.	Some believe that divine inspiration makes our present Bibles inerrant.	Instead, the orator proclaims that Constantine experienced a divine vision of Apollo and Victory granting him laurel wreaths of health and a long reign.	Arius proclaimed that Christ is not truly divine but a created being.	Evolution of prophecy, or forthspeaking on behalf of the divine.	He credited the Puritan divine Byfeld with incircumscriptibleness, Doctor Benson with antidisestablishmentarians, and William Gladstone with disestablishmentarianism.	The poetry, prose and personality in Soul Clothes, may rub up on a curious and compassionate place within you, a place of stark reality drenched in divine hope.	To turn his book into a book against Paedobaptism, was an achievement reserved for an Anglo-Catholic divine.	Yet it has not that grace which gives so divine a charm to the works of Apelles himself.	So that the notion of the divine, of the superhuman tends toward that of the antinatural and antihuman.	What law embalmed in ancientry and honored as of divine origin has been more fruitful of sacrifice and suffering?	To turn his book into a book against Paedobaptism was an achievement reserved for an Anglo-Catholic divine.
English	Polish	eternal	wieczny	It recognizes the Ten Commandments as eternal law and the Old Testament as Holy Writ.	Schopenhauer believes that the various species of animate and inanimate things in the world are eternal and static.	The two swords crossed saltirewise represent both active and reserve forces and attest to eternal readiness.	It was on December 27, 1904, at the Duke of York's Theatre in London that JM Barrie's celebrated eternal boy first took flight.	But, so far as we could discover, the land was riverless, and eternal frost prevailed.	This eternal space, the chora, is a particularly complex form of spatiality.	It would be nice to claim that it was the eternal pull of art and beauty that brought me to Rome thirteen years ago.	From the cradle to the grave it is a passion that is eternal, even if it is sometimes infernal.	The waves may be crashing hard around your ears and the harsh, white breakers stinging your eyes, but hope springs eternal.	We believe that our prayers can assist our loved ones to attain eternal happiness.	You could make out David's outline on your front steps, the huge Mercedes' lights beaming out upon the eternal darkness that was your yard.	The Druids in England worshiped the evergreen because it had eternal life, it did not brown and die in the winter.	One of the eternal themes of that trip to Australia was the gratitude of the selected players to the forgotten unselected few.	Thus, the decree of unpardonableness against the sin of blaspheming the Holy Spirit is eternal.	Nothing could be further from the reality of downtown Kiev with its dirty, slushy snow and its eternal grey skies.	It's my way of tapping into the eternal mystery of life, that mystical force that rolls on despite the petty attempts of humans to change it.	Men can not grasp the concept of an eternal and unending universe, for our lives are not unending.	The whole bus was looking at me, the eternal goof, rather red faced and with an uncontainable smile breaching my face from ear to ear.	Plato, for example, held that the subject-matter of mathematics is an eternal, unchanging, ideal realm.	History was endlessly revised to make the present look like a confirmation of eternal, unchanging truths.	And they would not, like the vast majority of white South Africans, accept it as inevitable, eternal, or unchangeable.	We know there is one God, alone unbegotten, alone eternal, alone without beginning, alone true, alone immortal.	It is to my eternal shame that I am absent-minded and occasionally a blithering idiot.	The Torah teaches us that there is an eternal life, a wholly spiritual life, whose bliss is far greater than the human mind can imagine.	All seek to offer hope, whether phrased as the vision of God, blessedness, eternal life, the greatest good, perfect happiness, or holiness.	His philosophy of monism claimed that the many things which appear to exist are merely a single eternal reality which he called Being.	When enough good karma is accumulated over many lifetimes, the jiva-atman is released from this eternal cycle of samsara and attains moksha.	We see that one should look for a proper, modest woman to be his wife, in order to have an eternal loving relationship.	If used to designate eternal distinctions in God, it leads to tritheism, which is a form of polytheism.	Because the watch lacks a minute hand, one's tardiness becomes an eternal condition.	Poetry therefore constitutes the only language practice capable of transfiguring temporal, transient things into the eternal.	Since God suffuses all of life, film can cut through the encrusted vision with which we usually view this reality and reveal the Eternal.	How to resolve those high-level guesses is an eternal problem One important factor is vulnerability.	Jesus did not offer new or unique teachings, urge his followers to prepare for eternal life with God, or fulfill a messianic mission.	Unfortunately we live in a society that craves eternal youth and the body beautiful.	She passed to her eternal reward on Wednesday, 14th Aug., after a long illness which she bore with great strength and dignity.	It allows for the eternal individuality of all things without the loss of oneness or harmony.	When he had taken his oath of allegiance to become a citizen, it was a solemn and eternal vow to him, equal in weight to his marriage vow.	On Good Friday, continental Europeans commemorate that Christ was crucified and died to absolve our sins and give us eternal salvation.	A haunting air of regret hangs over each country-tinged waltz, as jaded experience battles with eternal hope in the quest for love.	The eternal city is eternally visitable, so don't go at it like there's no tomorrow.	It sounded as though a thousand suicides were howling in anguish in their eternal punishment.	But his own description of life's eternal bounciness seems to me much more gaily Rabelaisian than is the novel as a whole.	This is one of those programs that demonstrates eternal life is not just a religious hope for the next world but a fact in this one.	The holy book was enjoined upon the Sikhs as the eternal and spiritual Guru by Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth and the last Sikh guru.	A person with a seared conscience no longer has feelings toward God or His eternal laws.	This eternal reality may be God, it may be eternal principles of justice or aesthetics, or it may be the ultimate laws of nature.	It is a mournful silence, broken only by the eternal singing of the katydids.	Then again, is this seemingly eternal squabbling over the qualifying system really necessary?	None of these items refer to eternal truths, and still the writers do not use backshift.	No one expects accountants to stay eternal babe magnets, forever young, beautiful and hot.	Do these remnants pledged to eternal verities have any prospect of succeeding with contemporary children?	Blue turned her head slightly and saw that Ciel's eyes had shut and she was breathing silently, as if in eternal repose.	On the other hand, I have children that have a healthy outlook on Faith, and a personal relationship to the Eternal that I wish I could have had at their ages.	The speaker conjures up centuries of collective sagacity, aligning oneself with an eternal, inarguable good.	Die here, in the embrace of Mother Ganga, in Shiva's sacred city, and your spirit will be united with the Absolute, will find its longed-for, eternal, perfect, peace.	As explained by Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, Sri Krishna has His eternal, blissful form that is full of knowledge, and all Vaishnava acharyas accept this.	He invented a particular tomb format whereby the deceased was guaranteed eternal mourning by the sculpted weepers that surrounded the sarcophagus.	The westering sun speeds us home, but not before we spot Jain monks meditating in eternal silence on the heat-cracked, scrub-bearded red earth beyond the town.	It may also have left them somewhat untethered, drifting in between their own lives and the eternal mysteries.	He goes beyond masculinity in the only fatherhood worthy of the name, and is at the same time, in this eternal virginity, the antitype of all motherhood.	Rome is graceful, outlandish, grand, cold, eternal, in flux, and full of olive-rich contradictions.	The Ascension inaugurates God's eternal reign through Jesus Christ.	We have already seen that the self or atman is eternal and divine, whether it is considered to be identical with or separate from ultimate reality or God.	It was like the students had finally awoken from eternal sleep.	While Heart's depiction of war as eternal is effective, the play is so unfocused and scattershot that its power to raise our indignation is diminished.	With spiritual overtones, and an emphasis on an eternal struggle between equally matched forces of darkness and light, the films suggest a kind of pop-culture Manichaeism.	The movie takes us back to sci-fi of fantastic beasts, megalomaniac scientists and of course the eternal debate of science without scruples turning into a runaway train.	My security blanket was a pair of jeans with a Smurf on the back pocket that I wore until they were capris, much to my sister's eternal amusement.	I would also confront many stereotypes about suicide, a word that means self-murder, an act that some religious faiths once equated with eternal banishment from heaven.	Ministers who believe in an eternal mental and physical torment are much thicker on the ground in the Highlands and Islands and on the west coast of the mainland.	To the NRA, though, the point is that vigilance has to be unceasing and eternal.	The eternal bleat from the Right is that they are being prevented from asking legitimate questions by an hysterical climate of political-correctness.	One alternative offers eternal bliss, the other, eternal damnation.	The Self, in short, is an eternal, seamless whole, self-identical, beyond phenomenal appearances and unanalysable, yet to be achieved and known through yogic meditation.	These things do not have eternal consequences, and you are often the only person who remembers your slip-ups in so much detail or care about them so much.	Some science fiction visionaries would have you believe that we're going to live in an apocalyptic future where man is locked in an eternal struggle with the machine.	The wanderer ventured forth into the eternal pass of cragged rock, worn with lines of age, yet stalwart and strong with thick trunks of stone bolstering the walls.	Out in the hills beyond the Eternal City, the car was delightful to drive, coping competently with small country roads and fast autostrada alike.	Baptists believe Jesus of Nazareth was the Christ, the incarnate manifestation of the Eternal God.	The two-and-a-half hour Mass began with the Vatican's Sistine Choir singing the Gregorian chant, Grant Him Eternal Rest, O Lord.	Eternal inflation may bypass the complications of extra dimensions and quantum gravity, because these are relegated to the infinite past.	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind spiritualizes film by novelizing it and poeticizing it at the same time.	According to Irenaeus he claimed to have appeared in Samaria as the Father, in Judea as the Son, and among the heathen as the Holy Ghost, a manifestation of the Eternal.	There is no god but He, the Living, the Eternal, Supporter of all.	God hath suspended the promise of eternal life on the condition of obedience and holiness of life.	Ah yesTinder fails and the superhero trio who are here to save you from eternal singledom.	A more repellent personality would be hard to imagine, and yet Hedda Gabler is one of the eternal fascinators of the world stage.	That's just a loose framework for imparting the eternal values of brotherly love, openness and running off at the mouth.	These photos elicit mood and attitude, season and silence, great vastnesses and eternal truths.	Nor was it the human form alone which we had placed in this eternal sepulchre, whose obseques we now celebrated.	But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation.	Now my mother hopscotches between acceptance and warnings of eternal damnation.	But our end is Christ himself, who will graciously bestow eternal life on us if we turn to him.	Ancient Egyptians practiced embalming or mummification to preserve the body for eternal life.	Instead, Lutherans teach eternal damnation is a result of the unbeliever's sins, rejection of the forgiveness of sins, and unbelief.	He calculates the unlikeliness of the present universe, and mentions ergodicity, Boltzmann's problem of the eternal return, but only in passing.	The profit motive and the golden rule form the eternal yin yang of business.	Hell's paradox resides in the possibility of inalienable eternal love confronting immutable eternal adamancy.	Exodus from Egypt means a departure from the thanatocracy where all our energies are expended on building the tombs of mummified eternal death.	In those grave, whiteless eyes and sad small mouth live the eternal sorrows and joys and the whole destiny of man.	He earnestly offers to all who receive the sacrament forgiveness of sins and eternal salvation.	It is therefore a mistake to substantialize the nation as if it were a singular being that is both transcendent and eternal.	Such a reading hardly implies a doctrine of creation since it understands matter as eternal and subsisting independently from the Demiurge.	But any substantial imagination, the pen here seldsom dreams, gone the serious literary voice, one coiffed in the eternal verities.	Christ's death on the cross paid sin's penalty and his resurrection is evidence that eternal life is available to any who will have it.	The brethren teach that the consequence of human sin is condemnation to eternal death in hell.	Galaxy and diluvium, the infinite and the eternal, enter into the orbit of human interests.	The Hindus believe that this deepens the understanding of the eternal truths and further develops the tradition.	Human life is sacred because it is made in the image of God and has an eternal destiny.	For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.	Of ancient Kings, and the frown of the eternal lion was hid from the oppressed earth.	Goodman, FYI, was known as the Eternal Light because he never went home and has since served four months for phone hacking.	On the other hand, if you preserve me safe and sound, I shall be an eternal example of your clemency.	But, as hope springs eternal in the human breast, he still goes from doctor to doctor for fresh advice.	The floods are drained away, and there is nothing left to me but a parched dullness, more hatesome than ever for my dread of it is eternal.	Asgard, the realm of the gods, remains locked in an eternal struggle between the benevolent Aesir and the demonic Vanir.	Christ was guiding evolution toward a state of glorification so that humanity could finally merge with God in eternal perfection.	For should its faint pulsations cease Ere he had coated it with grease, His God would clutch it, and condemn The fiendling to eternal flame.	She was somewhat shyful seeing the eternal couple before her.	Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty and in the final analysis, its only keepers are the people.	Political, social, and economic changes entail the recognition of new rights, and the common law, in its eternal youth, grows to meet the demands of society.	By God's grace, made known and effective in the person and work of Jesus Christ, a person is forgiven, adopted as a child and heir of God, and given eternal salvation.	These all anticipated Jesus Christ, the promised Messiah, and were sufficient to give the elect of that time forgiveness of sins and eternal salvation.	Eternal Thread first took to the catwalk with a collection of head dresses, bags and pashminas.	Through faith in the working of God those who follow Jesus are spiritually resurrected with him so that they may walk in a new way of life and receive eternal salvation.	Thomas Aquinas, the most influential western scholar of the period, integrated the theory of natural law with the notion of an eternal and biblical law.	It is long lasting and unaffected by the passage of time and may aid in the ring symbolism of eternal vows before God and the perfection the marriage signifies.	Yet in 1 John it is eternal life that was turned toward the Father.	Authority and eternal truths play an important role in Hinduism.	But hope springs eternal in diehard Tiger fans, and Peter is convinced that someday, somehow, he and his son will see Detroit clinch a championship.	Will there be a sequel to Eternal Sunshine of the spotless Mind?	Since Chinese poetry started being translated into English, poets and sinologists have presented poetry and sinology as if they were locked in eternal conflict.	And as chupe is the eternal and almost always the sole dish obtainable in the interior of Peru and in Bolivia, I may as well dispose of it at once.	Adam failed, and God changed his covenant with him, in accordance with his eternal preknowledge and predetermined redemptive plan of incarnation and cross.	In the musicalized Belz, Spring springs eternal, childhood is recalled as playful laughter, sweet dreams and idyllic Sabbath strolls along the riverbank.	I admit that Leibniz treated the doctrine of eternal damnation very exoterically, and that esoterically he would have expressed himself altogether differently on the subject.	God himself was known variously as the Perfect AEnon, The Beginning, Depth, or Before the Beginning, names that suggest His unbegotten and eternal nature.	The Treasures of Heaven are not Negations of Passion but Realities of Intellect from which All the Passions Emanate Uncurbed in their Eternal Glory.	The organist, a sensitive and far-seeing person, had a printout of the traditional version of Eternal Father distributed with the Order of Service.	The material can cope with the eternal only in virtue of everlasting evanescence.	Shall these human ties supplant the spiritual ones by which we are all coheirs of eternal death or of eternal life?	The cycle of beauty and eternal hope, and, incidentally, the good of trade.	It is for this crown of amaranthine glory, or blessed eternal salvation, that we are to watch and labor with fear and trembling.	The one is an eternal and necessary truth, subject to no contingence, no possibility of the opposite.	This is the eternal agreement, but an agreement of which we find it difficult to accept the terms.	Church absolution is an eternal protest, in the name of God the absolver, against the false judgments of society.	She has gone to Cheltenham for a holiday, for which you may thank your eternal stars.	On her grave he had vowed eternal hostility to the nobles and the clericals.	But will you say that this something, this self-existent, eternal everything, is God?
English	Polish	plausible	wiarygodny	This report describes a new therapeutic approach with a plausible mechanism of action in a severe and otherwise untreatable condition.	But it's pretty well informed, entirely logical, accords with what we know and were reliably informed, and is all too plausible.	I consider that on balance, on the material before me, this explanation is plausible.	Even so, its new forecast of flat prices looks plausible and matches my view.	A discourse for which there were few takers earlier began to sound plausible.	It is intuitively plausible, yet many philosophers, especially pragmatists and Wittgensteinians, reject it.	Nobody can know what kind of world will result from the interplay of these forces, but it is possible to envisage plausible futures.	You're not seriously suggesting that reincarnation is a plausible explanation?	She made her character seem plausible, despite having to play scenes where she was attacked by yetis.	Such a view reconciles free will not with determinism but with the highly plausible thesis of universal event causation.	He's intelligent, roguish and utterly plausible making every action both incredible and utterly believable.	As Phil the agent, he made the unlikely combination of ruthlessness and affability seem plausible.	It was laughable, but then what can be expected from politicians always on the make for a quick pic or plausible headline.	For some unknown reason, the scenarists attempt to provide plausible biological and psychological underpinnings for Banner's super-powers.	The only drawback to this eminently plausible case is that there is not a scrap of evidence for it.	But on the whole, in the ancient world, mastery over nature was not a plausible goal of inquiry.	Feed them a complete and self-consistent background mythology to make the big lie sound plausible when it comes.	They have kept it alive in the past and continue to make it plausible for millions of people today.	When Auerbach was casting the film, she was very aware that the actors had to be plausible together as mother and son.	There are a number of plausible accounts of how the uniqueness of the human thumb may have shaped the human brain, language, and culture.	For once they are not cartoons but people whose intelligence is pleasantly plausible instead of being a brainless plot device.	It's a pretty horrible story, mainly because it's depressingly plausible, like an urban myth that's come true.	It is plausible that the male stimulus is required to induce egg deposition in the brood pouch.	They both have given plausible reasons as to why they did not volunteer that information to the police.	It's the only plausible cause left, since only the hardest of hard cases is still holding out for a breakthrough in the WMD snipe hunt.	In his hobbits he created an image of heroic action that was both admirable and plausible.	This is plausible because the enzyme citrate synthase is localized in the mitochondrial matrix.	And most of it was neither true, nor even remotely plausible, before Hollywood got hold of it and made it even more idiotic.	Another seemingly plausible, but impracticable scheme is feared to end up wasting the nation's energy and worsening social division.	Moreover, the shift in grammatical mood from subjunctive to indicative underscores how plausible this vision is.	The problem is that these very complications are all too neat and not too plausible.	While such a voyage is plausible, the complete lack of evidence condemns it to remain conjecture.	Studying instructional methods used to facilitate learning in distance education is a plausible line of inquiry.	The conclusion must be reached that it is bad management on your part unless there is some other more plausible reason.	They have plausible arguments to put forward, and these we must try to answer.	If they are representative, the only plausible answer is to consider their supposed ideology.	There is no definite answer, but if the question itself is analysed a plausible answer might be found.	Reddin makes a plausible argument that they were also the beginning of Wild West shows.	The only plausible reason appears to lie in the quantity of kebabs which are prepared here each day.	Kurt knew what the homework was, he just wanted a plausible reason to talk to Lester.	However, there is another equally plausible candidate for the role of villain.	There's no plausible candidate out there that wouldn't be a massive improvement in almost every way.	In every case they are very plausible and gain the confidence of a trusting generation.	There is little on the military career that made him a plausible candidate for governor.	Thanks to Rhett in the comments section for offering a plausible explanation for the discrepancy in prices.	Suppose I decide that I believe the Ptolemaic system is more plausible than the Copernican system.	It is easy for an agent to use a plausible cover story to establish connections with an existing cell.	A cross-reactive, cytoplasmic antigen seems a plausible explanation for this observation.	An ancient concoction called frumenty or furmety is a less glamorous but more plausible source.	It is therefore plausible that non-barrier contraceptives may act at the level of the pre-implantation pre-embryo.	It is highly plausible, if not definitively established, that he knew the painter in person.	My way of demythologizing the case for public funding of stem-cell research will not, I fear, make much difference, even if plausible.	Through research into ancient civilizations, Ms. Davis provides a plausible connection between ancient Egyptian culture and alien contact.	In any case, some of the claims made by those who believe they are being controlled by these electronic weapons do not seem plausible.	This necessitated some retrospective emendation of the original claims to make the new theory minimally plausible.	One plausible scenario, he said, was that he had indeed threatened the cops with a dummy gun.	Calculation of plausible maps using the Metropolis algorithm indicates that changes of the following duplets of markers are acceptable.	It is perfectly plausible, however, for an evolutionist to quote, use, and parrot from evolutionist sources.	Such elucidation would only be plausible if we understood the explicans more clearly than the explicandum.	Voluntarily subjecting yourself to it is about as plausible as asking to have your good teeth drilled.	The latter explanation appears more plausible, because only 12 of 25 cases displayed this aberrancy.	It is plausible that this tendency in memoir literature reflects the corrective mode of the middle class through which it tried to vindicate its self-image.	But the fact remains that the sizes determined for the architecture of the room are compatible with brick construction, on a plausible modular dimension.	The evolution of inherited forms of behavior is as plausible as the evolution of any function of the organism when the environment can be regarded as reasonably stable.	Relations that are implicit in the semantic structure of a possessed noun can affect the range of plausible interpretations of a possessive construction.	Of course, he's horribly plausible and a formidable election campaigner.	The notion that Ebola might be a sexually transmitted disease remains plausible if unproven.	Its very hard to take your furious baby seriously when he not only has snot on his chin, which seems plausible, given gravity, but also has even more snot on his forehead.	The second reason seems to be a good deal more plausible than the first.	I say this in order that no one may delude you with plausible arguments.	This is a fairly plausible rationalist explanation of how magic can work.	Based on evidence from this narrow context of the wedding and its related symposia, a conclusion that the hydria played a role in more ordinary symposia is plausible.	His version of events is plausible and it is easy to believe him but until more details emerge about the nature of the positive result absolute judgments must be suspended.	Job lock is intuitively plausible, and there is some evidence for it, but it's far from proven.	But before celebrating, please note, there is a plausible basis for sudden death from cannabis.	Until the newest critics of trade give at least one plausible example of how a policy of unfree trade could make a country richer, I'm sticking with the orthodox conclusions.	A claim of moral equality on behalf of animals is surely not plausible if one means literally all animals, including centipedes, slugs, and amoebas.	It was a relief to see McCain acknowledging that there is no plausible military option.	As night fell and the frog and cricket symphony geared up for a stellar performance, we mapped out a plausible plan.	This says a lot about views of nonconformity that it's entirely plausible he still holds.	At the same time, they said it was plausible that pot could be disrupting brain development in teenagers.	The idea seems all the more plausible given the number of green curtains, drawn and undrawn, elsewhere in Holbein's work, including in the Frick portrait of Thomas More.	We still do not have an explanation for excess deaths from coronary heart disease in South Asians, but several plausible hypotheses have been generated.	Yet it is plausible for the Eared Grebe because, except for large but irregular die-offs involving losses to disease and migration, annual mortality appears to be low.	It is plausible to think that Copernicus' introduction of the heliocentric hypothesis had this effect on the previously unchallenged Ptolemaic earth-centered astronomy.	Many other information functions are possible, but plausible functions mostly combine elements of our two functions and therefore are intermediate between them.	Watts's judgment that nonnuclear antisatellite attacks on individual satellites would be taken seriously by the U.S. leadership but might not lead to war seems plausible.	Kripke's strategy was to save substitutivity by showing that those intuitively plausible principles already led to paradox.	His flabbergast was so great he couldn't even come up with a plausible answer.	Robert was accused by some writers of killing his brother, a plausible but now unprovable charge.	The objects must therefore have been extremely compact, leaving black holes as the most plausible interpretation.	As to Aristotle's influence on him, we are left free to conjecture whatever seems to us most plausible. For my part, I should suppose it nil.	It is therefore plausible to suggest that violence, including primitive warfare, would have transpired between the two human species.	The idea of enslaving the Tainos had instantly struck Columbus as plausible, even desirable.	A more plausible explanation is that the map was surreptitiously acquired shortly after it was made for some nobleman or official client.	His model was not immediately accepted, but it was seen to be the more plausible, as medical microbiology developed over the next 30 years or so.	This photo-realism certainly helps to keep the dream realities looking more plausible.	This precedent then allowed for the cover of plausible deniability the region provided during the Afghan war.	Yes, Michael, I am putting that in print and am sacrificing plausible deniability.	Without a plausible explanation for what might have provoked an ice age, the whole theory fell into abeyance.	They show that an indicator variable for the infertility status of women is a plausible instrument for family size.	Leaving aside consequentialist considerations, a plausible view is that an act is right if and only if it does not infringe a side-constraint.	A robust approach to market power would require a tight nexus between the challenged conduct and a plausible competitive counterfactual.	Is the existence of a garderobe within John's chamber plausible in narrative as well as linguistic terms?	Indeed, one of the hallmarks of magic as she presents it is its plausible deniability.	Relatedly, disciplinarily appealing as it may be, pitting the realist and national mythmaking theories against each other is not very plausible.	While this link is plausible, it has not been definitively proven.	Exposure to blood, secretions, or tissues from infected primates through hunting and butchering of bushmeat represents the most plausible source for human infection.	It is plausible that Hadrian was responding to a military disaster.	If the chemical reaction networks remain open-ended, then biochemists may have developed a plausible example of how such networks began to evolve into living things.	Surely a clear conscience, or at least plausible deniability, would have been worth the wait of a year for both Baker and the University of Central Arkansas.	They're staying just short of that, trying to maintain plausible deniability, using their own propaganda In their own country to maintain popularity and so on.	That, too, is somewhat of an overgeneralization, but it is more plausible.	But we have established the importance of both in the mindset of Vermonters and, hopeably our legislators, which is what makes the essential challenges ahead even plausible.	It is not known which of these was intended here, and all are plausible.	Word Ways would offer a plausible excuse for resigning my National Speleological Society membership committee job, one that held little interest for me.	The aforementioned statistical study provides the epidemiology for roadway intersection lighting, but is the mechanism underlying my thought experiment plausible?	It may seem plausible as autistic characteristics manifest themselves in children between two and five, the same age window in which MMR is given.	Terraformers decked in space suits trekking across the desert sand on the Red Planet to reach a bio-domed habitat they call home seems more plausible for some these days.	It was plausible that Cara became more catatonic in order to avoid a painful and overwhelming confrontation with terrifying but repressed memories of child abuse.	There was now no Mrs. Ruston, no Harriet, no plausible physician to keep them away from her.	I recur to it here as a plausible suggestion only, in connection with my theme.	Eddington and Shapley advocate the theory of a mechanical pulsation of the star as most plausible.	But John Gib, who could be upon occasion a most faceable and plausible person, persuaded him to abide with them for a night.	He flung out a hand with the plausible design of grasping Kirkwood by the collar.	Equally plausible and dangerous was his teaching as to the indivisibility of the general will.	A two-bagger would answer the purpose just as well, and would certainly sound more plausible.	He explained that Allen had been a feeble speculator, but plausible, of personal good faith, and perniciously sanguine.	While Yong's account is plausible, he seems to presume, rather than present, an argument in favor of Clayton's monism.	Typically for him, I understand, the statement was plausible, if not provable.	The plausible and polite manner of the stranger was effectual with George.	I wonder will he have the heart to find a plausible excuse for making love to Miss, when he told you he hated her?	Accounts for his plausible behaviour, and specious promises and proposals.	But the bodings of the crew were destined to receive a most plausible confirmation in the fate of one of their number that morning.	But always she had been met with a plausible excuse or a direct refusal.	He was always a villain, smooth-spoken and plausible, but a dangerous, subtle villain all the same.	Say you suspect me of being little better than a plausible impostor, and pity my unfortunate niece for being associated with such a rascal as I am.	And indeed on thinking it over it would have been plausible enough if there hadn't been always the essential falseness of irresponsibility in Schom berg's chatter.	Is there a plausible strategy for parents who have not gibed assets to a child and conclude that future gifting might negatively affect his or her financial aid?
English	Polish	anguished	udrêczony	Of course he's probably lying, but any sensitive, caring American would recognize this as an anguished cry for help.	It is a harrowing experience to hear a squeal of tires followed by a thump and then the anguished cries of an animal in pain.	All of these characters are subjects whose bodies convey an anguished message about pain and privation that cannot be articulated any other way.	Birds screeched from the bamboo forest, echoing the anguished cries of the injured.	In the original jail dungeon they will see the punishments being meted out and hear the anguished cries of the prisoners.	We are very distressed and anguished at what has been happening in Gujarat for almost three months.	Defoe's story is an anguished inquiry into questions of predestination and election, freedom and theodicy.	They shouted at each other, someone called Claire was mentioned and there was many an anguished bellow.	Part of the symphony was substantially complete, but the rest consisted of shorthand scribbles and anguished remarks in the margins.	There was a great deal of variation, ranging from the mundanely technical to the anguished plea for understanding and cooperation.	What is there to say to the anguished mother who asks why her child's death wasn't important enough to warrant the supreme penalty?	Tate's sobs and the anguished wails of relatives will not do much to change that.	The McNally-Beaser collaboration, The Food of Love, is the darkest and most anguished of the three one-acters.	Hunger, misery, degeneracy and the ravages of age were personified, and estheticized, in sculptures of anguished, contorted figures.	She showed him which ones, but he didn't seem all too anguished about it, for he gave her a dismissive wave.	What if she doesn't understand English and can't smile even if she wants to, I anguished.	She's dehydrated and quite stressed and anguished, so they are keeping her in for observations.	It was so hard to pick the best picture of Wenger looking anguished in the last few games.	There are slideshows, graphics, interactive maps, heartbreaking narratives, anguished family members.	After a great deal of anguished consideration, and at great personal risk, I have decided to come forward and reveal my secret.	What anguished me most was that I had allowed this to happen to me.	They have anguished over a daughter's headaches and the sight of blood running from the nose of a son who has never suffered from nosebleeds before.	She sulked and anguished in her hotel room in Moscow and felt as if her boy had died.	Certainly his letter to his wife showed a man anguished about his family.	She didn't have time to dwell on it however, before the pain from her wound surged through her, driving her back to her knees with an anguished cry.	Inquiry elicited that he was a pop singer. I YouTubed him, revealing another ghastly microphone-gripping, anguished nasal wailer.	The anguished father gave the example of a federal case against Ted Stevens, a former US senator from Alaska.	In other words, the meaning of the poem is a reflexive and anguished uncertainty about the nature of poetry itself, a pure lyric refusal of constative or narratable content.	Often they may live peaceably, anguished with doubt, and distressed for humanity.	In the end, shocks like these gradually roused him from his anguished abstraction.	Anne had gathered them and brought them to him, her anguished, tearless eyes burning in her white face.	She crouched on her cot of spruce boughs in anguished misery.	She lifted her anguished eyes and looked into his beautiful face.	She thought with anguished envy of the women whose husbands loved them, for whom the heights and depths of this ordeal were as real as for their wives.
English	Polish	superficial	powierzchowny	This could include both structural and superficial changes, such as the wall murals and graffiti.	It's difficult to imagine him feeling at home amid the superficial glitz and gloss of the US Tour.	The superficial temporal occasionally gives rise to the maxillary above the zygomatic arch, or to a tympanic artery.	Note the superficial scale and tendency for the individual lesions to merge into a retiform pattern.	By focusing on the superficial, they missed what is truly revolutionary about the game.	These superficial lesions can also be treated bronchoscopically to prevent progression to invasive cancer.	The genital branch may bypass the deep inguinal ring running superficial to it in the aponeurosis of the external abdominal oblique muscle.	It is a tacit endorsement of false precision and superficial literalism in psychiatric assessment.	Officials from both parties say the typical Dayton resident has grown weary of glitzy ad campaigns and superficial low blows.	Dialogue is sparse, so the humour is superficial, not character-driven, and shows up as glib one-liners.	The lymphatic system comprises superficial and deep components that include tissues, organs, and vessels.	If soils drain rapidly or become cool, infected plants often recover, but still may be distorted or produce superficial, scabby lesions.	I don't mean to say that Americans are a nation of superficial, backslapping enjoyers and happy-makers, as opposed to our suffering Slavic souls.	Despite some superficial and unfounded criticism about the fact that the manual would be outdated, much of it still retains significant validity.	The general impression was of a scrappy and superficial campaign, facing a coherent and single-minded Government.	The amount of background information in the link essays is generally superficial, sometimes to the point of banality.	A third-degree burn results in the destruction of skin, and may extend into the superficial fascia, muscle and bone.	The third muscle to consider is a superficial muscle that lies along the anterior side of the tibiotarsus.	The perianal area can be highly sensitive to perfumes, soaps, clothes, fabrics, dietary intake and superficial trauma.	Perhaps the biggest disappointment is his extremely superficial treatment of the historical experience of the now developed countries.	Paradoxically, this show is both mind-numbingly sombre and utterly superficial.	Anyone with even the most superficial aquaintence with the history of the French revolution will know what that means, in nine cases out of ten.	Urticarial lesions are the result of capillary vasodilation followed by transudation of fluid into the superficial dermis.	Angiogram showing bilateral occlusions of superficial femoral arteries in thighs.	And the characters are so superficial that we hardly care which of these different fates may befall them.	Critics with a superficial understanding of the principle imagine that it would force all land into use and lead to overdevelopment.	In fact theirs is very much a superficial similarity, based on prodigious talent and youth more than anything else.	The abductor hallucis muscle is the largest and most superficial of the intrinsic great toe muscles lying on the medial border of the sole.	The main sources of gravel are unconsolidated superficial or drift deposits of Quaternary age.	This can make life superficial, lived on the surface like the ice-skater skimming at speed but with no depth.	Doyle said there were small superficial abrasions and bruises on the body which were caused by the fall or the rocks.	The posterior musculature consists of six muscles in two groups, superficial and deep.	You can still interact with people, but those interactions are slight and superficial and ephemeral.	In periods of capitalist decline the crises are of prolonged character while the booms are fleeting, superficial and speculative.	Thirteen years ago I met a materialistic, narcissistic, superficial, bosomy woman from Long Island.	I'm a bit pushed for time so this first edition will necessarily be a little superficial.	Correspondingly, each claimed that the other remained entangled in, and misled by, a superficial, merely apparent reality.	Even a superficial look at nomenclatures will show that many of these models are irreconcilable, as shown in Figure 1 below.	Most efforts seem to have been at best superficial, at worst downright non-existent.	It is a superficial muscle that gives the buttock its shape and covers the gluteus medius.	His new collection, Oblivion, contains eight stories of uncompromising difficulty, with certain superficial similarities.	By simply taking a superficial look at the quantitative statistics we may not be able to see the whole truth.	A superficial comparison of Roth with Malamud reveals two versions of the problems of self-definition which is at the core of this literature.	Despite superficial resemblances to their medieval predecessors, these Lutheran altarpieces share a number of striking new features.	They can also be applied to the search for stratiform and superficial deposits.	It tended to read as a superficial organicism applied over the work's underlying axiality.	I guess she was so used to being around superficial ego-driven overachievers that three more years of it didn't seem like much of a sacrifice.	That is, they sound good on a superficial level, but a look at the fine print shows a different picture.	It is as if the novel's intellectual and ideological muddle is merely a superficial layer of flotsam bobbing on a boiling sea of emotion.	Yet from Dione's point of view, their realism and design are superficial features.	I was in two major car accidents, which left me with superficial scars that I will carry the rest of my life.	At a superficial level, I was different because I wore different clothes, cracked different jokes, interacted with students differently.	Although it has a superficial sheen, the film is mired in structural errors, weak plot contrivances and flimsy characterisation.	The mother, of course, is ditzy, frazzled and superficial because there can be no real happiness beyond the city limits.	It's all very superficial and doesn't really explore any issues it does raise.	What makes these awards special is the focus they put on design in an industry that often treats design as a superficial afterthought.	Notwithstanding superficial Western reportage and alarmist propaganda by Arab Sunnis, Arab Shias do not obey the commands of Iranian Shias.	It helped her get into a fancy boarding school, for instance, but it also attracted superficial wooers looking for the ultimate status accessory.	I can only say that it ranks as the most biased, xenophobic and superficial article I have read on the subject in any newspaper.	It's too light to be a spoof, too superficial to get to the real meat of why rap culture inspires so many privileged peons.	Writing stand-up only heightens my sense that one joke, plus another joke, plus another all adds up to a superficial experience.	The tendon of insertion divides into two divisions, deep and superficial.	The superficial distinction, that architects necessarily have to deal with the urban context while sculptors can choose to avoid it, conceals much more complicated variations.	During the surgery, care must be taken to protect the branches of the superficial and radial nerves that dorsally overlie the first dorsal compartment.	After being arrested, the 16-year-old teenager was later found to have superficial injuries, consistent with being in contact with a three-pronged instrument.	For liberals, such explanations are unsatisfyingly superficial.	It is the compulsion to resort to hyperbole that tells me how superficial the middle class bleaters' understanding of, and commitment to, reconciliation is.	The neuromasts of this canal are the only ones to be innervated by the otic branch of the facialis nerve, or by its superficial ophthalmic branch.	The Dolomite depositional system is composed of a superficial plateau with shoals and ponds, limiting a submerged and protected inner shelf environment in the western area.	As a churchman he contributed to the debate about the Noachian flood, without identifying it specifically in the superficial deposits he examined.	The labrum may also participate in nociceptive and proprioceptive mechanisms as free nerve endings and sensory end organs have been identified in its superficial layers.	It is loathed by some critics who find it patronizing, silly, and superficial.	In a process known as endermologie, the skin and underlying superficial fat are kneaded and massaged by special mechanised rollers operated by a trained therapist.	Most of the problems are superficial and have no real substance.	There are times and places where blending in can save your skin, but day to day, why waste your precious time on the superficial when it doesn't make you happy?	The superficial deposits include what is known as the mammaliferous crag.	Although irritant dermatitis, candidiasis, or secondary bacterial infections may produce superficial erosion and plaques of the perineal skin, they do not cause ulceration.	They can be superficial or very deep, extending to the bone.	It was too superficial an examination of the subject, which ironically reminded me that there is quite a bit that I don't know about history in general.	The script lacks any such subtleties and none of the cast is skillful enough to be able to suggest any depth beyond the script's superficial characterizations.	The film suggests that it is better to understand and accept the condition as normal than to try to eradicate it with supposed miracle cures, or superficial lifestyle changes.	Lucky Break pierces the superficial surface of acting to reveal the enthralling, authentic drama at the heart of the business.	In fish, the retrorse inclination of the myomeres forms a precursor of the differentiation between a deep and a superficial musculature of the trunk.	But this sort of intimacy can be superficial, says Carlton, who is from a small town himself.	Since the 1920s, beauty pageants have been centered on these superficial qualities.	Latent infection is seen as the scabby, superficial lesions on roots.	Comments by the film's producer probably provide a better indication of the light-minded and superficial approach taken by many of those involved in the project.	This principle states that, despite the superficial power enjoyed by the capitalists and landowners, the true bosses under capitalism are the consumers.	His equipment would be merged with existing industry sensors that nondestructively assess superficial visual traits, including size, color, and bruising.	A spokesman confirmed he was detained overnight with superficial injuries.	You should feel subcutaneous nodules to see if they are soft like lipomas, hard like fibromas and malignant tumors, or tender, as in superficial abscesses or hematomas.	Surface glabrous with highly superficial microreticulation, much finer than pronotal microreticulation, consisting of dense transverse meshes.	While the churches originating in the Second Great Awakening have some superficial similarities, their doctrine and practices vary significantly.	The surrounding lower ground is formed from Carboniferous Limestone though much of it is obscured by superficial deposist of Quaternary age.	Smallpox vaccine was inoculated by scratches into the superficial layers of the skin and a wide variety of instruments was used to achieve this.	They represent the caprices of superficial love, and they lack in intellect, feeling, and ethics.	Prolefeed is homogenised, manufactured superficial literature, film and music, used to control and indoctrinate the populace through docility.	Some dialects, particularly those of the Chittagong region, bear only a superficial resemblance to Standard Colloquial Bengali.	Similarly, reconciliation and unity are not superficial, but are prayed and lived out.	A written portrait often gives deep insight, and offers an analysis that goes far beyond the superficial.	The English Gaul is from French Gaule and is unrelated to Latin Gallia, despite superficial similarity.	In Aristotle's time, the 4th century BCE, porpoises were regarded as fish due to their superficial similarity.	In most species, the joints between the ossicles and superficial plates allow the arm to bend to the side, but not to bend upwards.	In Aristotle's time, the 4th century BCE, whales were regarded as fish due to their superficial similarity.	It is a marked characteristic of his that he sees only superficial and transient disagreement where others find a fundamental opposition.	Consensus history emphasizes the basic unity of American values and downplays conflict as superficial.	Rococo soon fell out of favor, being seen by many as a gaudy and superficial movement emphasizing aesthetics over meaning.	Abrasions and avulsions impart shear forces to the tissues and may be superficial or deep.	It was superficial and jumpy and herky-jerky, bopping all over the place.	The easy, obvious and superficial answer is that they are all anti-establishment outsiders who share a proclivity for populism.	The alleged contradiction here is founded upon the following superficial apparency.	A robust exchange facilitated by the CHRO models the way and challenges the process to avoid superficial or routinized agendas.	Lymphangioma circumscriptum is a superficial lymphatic malformation which consists of dilated lymphatic channels.	Ultrasonography demonstrated a cystic lesion in the superficial lobe with eccentric hyperechoic foci suggestive of a scolex.	The MRI confirmed the presence of a superficial parotid mass with a central hypointensity, thought to be a calcification or sialolith.	The science fiction part is the vague superficial type you would expect in a popular space opera.	Were Mel Bochner's pieces superficial, trite, and sloppy when they were painted in the height of the minimalist and conceptualist movements?	Assaults are conducted using fists, feet, nulla nulla, iron bars, boomerangs or spears and injuries can range from superficial to fatal.	It remains true that Miller's Xerxes is highly orientalized, but Fairey elevates the discussion beyond superficial condemnation.	A variety of cutaneous lesions have been described including papules, nodules, verrucous lesions, superficial abscesses, pustules, and scars.	Four of the tumors were located in superficial cerebrocortical locations and 1 case arose in the thalamus.	Leprosy, also known as Hansen's disease, is a chronic granulomatous disease of the peripheral nerves and superficial tissues.	Cellulite develops in the most superficial of these layers, known as the hypodermis or subcutaneous fat layer.	However, their incompact organization structure and benefit allocation make cooperation between companies superficial.	This sounds like a superficial skin infection called folliculitis, where hair follicles become slightly infected and cause the spots you are describing.	Uncomplicated infections affect superficial skin tissue and include furuncles, cellulites, folliculitis, simple abscesses, and impetiginous lesions.	The site of origin in the 'pus' group was not specified and probably comprised peripheral lymph nodes, superficial skin and soft tissue and deep organ abscesses, and empyema.	The sculpture of stellate tubercles and open lateral line canals of Lophosteus platelets have superficial similarities with some placoderms, for example, with radotinids.	The plaque stage is characterized by a band-like infiltrate of polymorphous atypical lymphocytes within the papillary and superficial reticular dermis.	Serial samples of venous blood were collected Pre-Ex, End-Ex, and 1-h Post from a superficial vein in the antecubital fossa using sterile, repetitive venepuncture.	Abdominal muscular wall sutural closure can open-up in the presence of excessive muscular contractions leading to further superficial migration of the catheter.	Histologic lesions included acute diffuse, severe atrophic jejunitis and mild vacuolation of superficial epithelial cells and subepithelial edema in cecum and colon.	It can be a superficial, mucocutaneous, or systemic mycosis.	Microscopy examination showed extensive superficial mycotic proliferation, with wide and irregular ribbonlike nonseptate hyphae and right-angle branching.	The superficial portions of the vegetations were composed largely of fibrin with focal calcifications and abundant yeastlike cells entrapped within the fibrin.	The testis has a rich superficial plexus beneath the tunica albuginea.	The cortical, hemispheral or superficial veins ramify on the surface of the brain and return the blood from the cortical substance into the venous sinuses.	On the other hand, ultraviolet rays produce photoconjunctivitis, a temporary superficial inflammation of the lining of the eyelid that is sometimes called arc eye.	Samples taken of the superficial sediment revealed that its physical and chemical properties had not shown any recovery since the disturbance made 26 years earlier.	These materials are superficial deposits which lie above the bedrock.	In the Hellenized east, ancient civilizations like those of Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, Judea and Syria, effectively resisted all but its most superficial effects.	Dermatopathic lymphadenopathy represents the reaction of a superficial lymph node to the drainage of skin antigens and melanin from various chronic dermatoses.	Secondly, I continue to base my concepts on intensive study of a limited suite of collections, rather than superficial study of every packet that comes to hand.	This slip created the superficial appearance of porcelain, as did tin enamel on the surface of delftware.	It is here that the superficial agreement of the biogenetic law with the law of von Baer comes in.	He is no sciolist himself, and he does not believe in merely superficial attainments in his pupils.	This view has originated out of the very remarkable superficial resemblance between the Ichthyophis-larva and the amphiuma.	The stem is slender and carbonous and bears the carbonous fruit bodies, superficial, but sessile and globose.	The coagula were numerous, and the superficial ones, quite hard and cartilaginous.	The vessels of the conjunctiva probably are quite like superficial vessels in the skin and mucous membranes.	Thus their colours are not original, their dissimilitude being only external and superficial.
English	Polish	contaminate	zanieczyciæ	Copper will not contaminate the pickling solution, and it is crucial that you keep your pickle clean.	Ms Lloyd said cacti could injure livestock and working dogs and contaminate wool.	Incorrectly installed systems can waste water and care must be taken not to contaminate mains water supplies through backflow.	They produce lots of toxins, called mycotoxins, which can contaminate our food.	Infant botulism can occur when a child ingests a bacterium called Clostridium botulinum that is in dirt and dust and can contaminate honey.	Their snotty noses run, they put everything in their mouths, and they get secretions on their hands and contaminate whatever they touch.	Through this vuln an attacker who is able to compromise a CVS server can contaminate source-code repositories with Trojan code.	Infection is acquired by ingestion of viable tissue cysts in meat or oocysts excreted by cats that contaminate the environment.	Striving for rarely achieved yields wastes money and may contaminate the ground and surface water.	A clean machine is a healthy machine, and a variety of items can contaminate hydraulic oil.	When morning comes and the street sweepers clean the gutters, they are sometimes followed by vacuum trucks, lest the runoff contaminate the storm drains.	While cesium and strontium, the two materials found in the generators, cannot be used to make nuclear weapons, they could contaminate large areas if combined with explosives.	In the story, the flu appears in anthropomorphic form as a group of human beings who are heard discussing where they ought to go next to contaminate other people.	Soil metal concentrations were found to be high enough to potentially contaminate groundwater.	The flood water can pick up the toxins from different spills and contaminate the land that it passes over.	Earlier you mentioned a ghost, a revenant with which we may contaminate the Emperor.	The compromises and corruption on shore fail to contaminate or alter the joy-drenched, adrenalated play in the ocean.	During reactions, the catalytic agent will sometimes seep into the final product and contaminate it.	Aflatoxins are immunotoxins that frequently contaminate staple foods in The Gambia and other parts of sub-Saharan Africa, resulting in high exposure throughout life.	It can also contaminate water sources unless collected and treated.	We also tried printed tags, using a thermal printer, but the tags could not be adhered to the bag because any paper material would contaminate the product.	The chemical properties of the radioactive element will determine how mobile the substance is and how likely it is to spread into the environment and contaminate humans.	It was feared that their principles might contaminate the ashes of the just.	Then the scapegoat is driven on to waste land, where it cannot contaminate anybody.	A pig has been modified to excrete less phosphorous, a chemical that can contaminate waterways.	His arm was out-stretched as if he feared to contaminate his uniform.	It is not so much what they consume, but what they contaminate.
English	Polish	distinguish	rozró¿niaæ	We may here distinguish between two kinds of reality, phenomenal or relative, and noumenal or absolute.	We have concluded that Paul does not distinguish between the arthrous and anarthrous use of nomos.	Its sensory organs are well developed, though it is unable to distinguish between colours.	Price wanted to distinguish between the genuine revival that he believed was going on and a sham revival he associated with Evan Roberts.	The leatherback has several characteristics that distinguish it from other sea turtles.	Anatomically, a few characteristics distinguish the green turtle from the other members of its family.	Dialects of killer whales not only distinguish them between pods, but also between types.	Except for the radioactivity of radium, the chemical similarity of radium to barium made these two elements difficult to distinguish.	There is some question as to whether these mothers can distinguish which young are theirs.	This helps to distinguish them from palmate newts that have pale unspotted throats, and with which they are often confused.	There are no alternative words to distinguish between things relating to the United States or to the Americas.	There was no independent confirmation of the reported reception, and the transmissions were difficult to distinguish from atmospheric noise.	It is referred to as the Western Yar if it is necessary to distinguish between them.	In 1830, maps began to use North and South to distinguish the two largest islands and by 1907, this was the accepted norm.	Some languages, called ergative, Gamilaraay among them, distinguish instead between Agents and Patients.	He may have been the first Mediterranean to distinguish the Germanic people from the Celts.	Old Norse sources such as the sagas do not distinguish between the Goths and the Gutes.	Its various dialects contain a number of lexical and a few grammatical features which distinguish them from the standard language.	Translations into other languages often do not distinguish these two groups.	These they distinguish by so many several marks, and throw them at random and without order upon a white garment.	Othering is the creation of those who discriminate, to distinguish, label, categorize those who do not fit in the societal norm.	It's important to distinguish, because viral infections cannot be cured by antibiotics.	A female common ostrich can distinguish her own eggs from the others in a communal nest.	Each village has its own distinctive pattern, making it possible to distinguish a person's home town.	They have found it difficult to distinguish clearly, in the exercise of power, between a personal right, and a mere betrustment.	We have a criterion to distinguish one bud from another, or the parent bud from the numerous budlets which are its offspring.	Ruddick constructs mothering as a genderfree practice under the PCT to distinguish from earlier accounts of mothering.	In fact, the Germanic tribes are hard to distinguish from the Celts on many accounts simply based on archaeological records.	Symbolism was a device to distinguish the main features of the Revolution and ensure public identification and support.	This also helped to distinguish between new and old pence amounts during the changeover to the decimal system.	These oil sands resources are called unconventional oil to distinguish them from oil which can be extracted using traditional oil well methods.	It is important to distinguish innovations from cases of linguistic conservatism.	Further, it is quite easy in a longer conversation to distinguish differences in vocabulary and pronunciation of some Urdu phonemes.	This could be a reason why the '9' grade was added in to distinguish between the highest achievers.	Scholars now seek to distinguish the true Holbeins by the refinement and quality of the work.	They referred to themselves as Janeites in order to distinguish themselves from the masses who did not properly understand her works.	Today it is mainly used to distinguish Tottenham fans from other football supporters.	Such forms were often created even when not strictly needed to distinguish otherwise ambiguous forms.	It is important to distinguish between arguments against free trade theory, and free trade agreements as applied.	In the context of Bengali romanization, it is important to distinguish transliteration from transcription.	The original church became known as the Wesleyan Methodist Church to distinguish it from these bodies.	Still, the texts do contain discernible variances that distinguish the speech from contemporary Welsh.	Biologists distinguish these two groups based on differences in their gill structures.	While Locke used this argument to distinguish primary from secondary qualities, Berkeley extends it to cover primary qualities in the same way.	Modern culinary writers distinguish between three general regional forms of Dutch cuisine.	The small diameter fibres are best tested asking the patient to distinguish between the blunt and sharp end of a neuro-pin.	Different length leaves, but all lined up in a flat plane, is a useful way to quickly distinguish this species.	Pipe Major uniform is usually different, to distinguish them from the other members of the band.	However, classical authors seem to distinguish clearly between oryxes and unicorns.	It is also necessary to distinguish between original jurisdiction and appellate jurisdiction.	An anosmic will be able to taste the sweetness of an apple or a pear but will be unable to distinguish between their flavors or be able to taste chocolate.	Though strictly inaccurate, these are often called 'administrative counties' to distinguish them from both the historic counties, and the ceremonial counties.	Nouns and demonstrative pronouns distinguish common and neutral gender.	Some of these counterfeits are fabricated with such exquisite taste and skill, that it is the achievement of criticism to distinguish them from originals.	When will we learn to distinguish between the fair and the foul?	Mutations are often the only way to distinguish similar grammatical forms.	In oceanography, it is sometimes called the Eurafrican Mediterranean Sea or the European Mediterranean Sea to distinguish it from mediterranean seas elsewhere.	Irish has also influenced Lowland Scots and English in Scotland, but it is not always easy to distinguish its influence from that of Scottish Gaelic.	The earliest mentions of these ideas arose when the Hellenic Byzantine east made attempts to distinguish itself from the Latin west during the times of the Roman Empire.	Sometimes these differences may not be resolved and it may be necessary to distinguish how the law is applied in one district, province, division or appellate department.	One view is it comes from the Polo family's use of the name Emilione to distinguish themselves from the numerous other Venetian families bearing the name Polo.	It looks very much as if Amnesty's leadership is suffering from a kind of moral bankruptcy, and has lost the ability to distinguish right from wrong.	The Metro has a distinctive design and corporate identity, to distinguish itself from the decrepit rail system it replaced and to match the livery of the buses then in use.	It is now common to distinguish between the legacy and influence of Marx specifically and the legacy and influence of those who shaped his ideas for political purposes.	All possess a series of 100 blue eyes, embedded on the edge of the mantle of their upper and lower valves that can distinguish between light and darkness.	A variety of terms are used for those who engage in prostitution, some of which distinguish between different types of prostitution or imply a value judgment about them.	In 2008, through Republic Act 9500, the University of the Philippines was bestowed as the National University to distinguish it from all other state universities and colleges.	According to that interpretation, the criteria above merely serve to distinguish whether two varieties are dialects of the same language or dialects of different languages.	Science is like mathematics in that researchers in both disciplines can clearly distinguish what is known from what is unknown at each stage of discovery.	The conception of algedonics interests the physician, then, as far as it helps him to attempt to distinguish between a psychic or physical origin for the headache.	Universities in Britain have complained that the increasing number of A grades awarded makes it hard to distinguish between students at the upper end of the ability spectrum.	Many dialects no longer distinguish between short and long vowels.
English	Polish	invincible	niezwyciê¿ony	With fear of death and fear of pain unplugged, they are in a sense invulnerable and invincible.	The reason was the absolute perfection of her appearance and her air of invincible superiority.	Her powers swelled, thrashed, fighting the bands of black that imprisoned them, nowhere near as invincible as the Psirons had been.	He is openly contemptuous of democracy, falling back on arguments about the invincible thickheadedness of many people.	For the tsar, Russia was not the invulnerable bastion of autocracy and the invincible victor over Napoleon that she seemed to foreigners.	Yet there are more sinister happenings afoot, as Count Dracula himself jumps into the mix, searching for a serum to make him invincible.	The sun is invincible, unconquerable, the highest ideal of the self and the highest aspiration of the soul.	His desire for power is so great that he castrates himself in order to attain invincible and mystical powers.	A ragtag group of college hockey players defeated a nearly invincible juggernaut on their way to Olympic gold at Lake Placid.	She allowed herself to be cocooned in the warm swaddling cloth of his borrowed shirt, feeling, for once, safe and warm and almost invincible.	For hundreds of years, in our mind at least, the tiger was a fierce, aggressive, dangerous and invincible animal.	After it survived the 1993 bombing, people thought the towers were invincible.	The man once thought invincible faced a judge, called to answer charges of murder and torture.	Anyone who has ever watched Hewitt might be surprised to hear him revealing that he doesn't always feel as invincible as he looks.	In the long free-style disciplines, he was invincible and made all national records.	But those that do choose may be seriously misled into thinking that they are invincible.	Hawks are still an outstandingly fine team and they may well win the league at a canter, but it's been good to show they are not invincible.	First of all he was hesitant, and then he settled down and got on with it enthusiastically, making his case apparently invincible.	The men believe the twins hold mystical powers that make them invincible in their battles against the Myanmar military.	She has helped to undermine the assumption that the tobacco industry is invincible in American courtrooms.	Although safety may be a consideration, not enough people use safety gear, and even when they do, they are not invincible.	Psychotic delusions, say of being invincible, are a common element of mania.	They are three sisters who trick Macbeth into believing that he is invincible, which leads to his downfall.	Industry insiders suggest a mixture of greed, overexpansion and simple overfamiliarity has knocked the shine from certain formerly invincible megabrands.	For Britain's Denise Lewis, the challenge to her Olympic heptathlon crown also comes in the shape of a youthful and seemingly invincible opponent.	To this point, the Delaware doofus always seemed cloaked in an invincible air of likeability.	Paul Philips has won a commendation for saving the life of a young rating caught beneath an aircraft lift in HMS Invincible.	Four people suffered minor injures when a crane toppled on to the flight deck of aircraft carrier HMS Invincible.	For the first 13 years of his career, 227 consecutive games, Manning was invincible.	The hulking financial and organizational apparatus of a major party is less invincible than it used to be.	He sets out to establish a solid stylistic chronology, relying heavily on dated objects or those with invincible provenances, tradesmen's bills, and house inventories.	Aitken professes to be astounded by both the explanation and the corresponding public response, considering them examples of invincible American provincialism.	The firepower of cannons and Gatling guns, stolen from the Army, made the extended outlaw families totally invincible to any sheriff's six-shooters.	He has to be captured or eliminated in order to put an end to this almost now mystical aura that he has of being invincible, unfindable and unpunishable.	Instead of a few invincible dopes, there would be thousands.	I never cease to be amazed by the apparently invincible ignorance of the great British public.	In The Prince, Niccolo Machiavelli asserts that if his son Louis XI had continued this policy, then the French would have become invincible.	First, the Japanese victories in the Pacific War showed Indians, Chinese, and other subject peoples that the colonial powers were not invincible.	In his biography of 1980, Edward Gregg presents the Queen as a woman of invincible stubbornness, who was the central figure of her age.	When Alaskan malamutes believe that their strength is invincible, nothing can, or will stop them.	At the start of the deployment, HMS Invincible will embark both FA2 Sea Harrier fighters and RAF Ground attack aircraft as well as her Sea King helicopters.	In my eyes, Nick Nairn is still in his early 20s, invincible and as fit as a butcher's dog.	Her desire of knowledge is great, and her perseverance in everything she undertakes almost invincible.	The major characteristic of Prester John tales from this period is the king's portrayal not as an invincible hero, but merely one of many adversaries defeated by the Mongols.	For when the leader was come into Persia, and the army with him that seemed invincible, they were slain in the temple of Nanea by the deceit of Nanea's priests.	When Invincible returned to the UK after the war, she showed no signs of missile damage.	The visit of the Invincible All Blacks on 4 October 1924 saw a record attendance at Welford Road of 35,000 that stands to this day.	Australia Yarraman Park in New South Wales, Australia, has secured the services of I Am Invincible, one of the highestachieving Australian-bred sons of Invincible Spirit.	Laura, for your love I should overcome obstacles that to another man might be invincible.	Bearing that invincible Vaishnava energy in thyself, slay thou, O great king, that Daitya of fierce prowess.	After this crushing disaster at Tours the Moors realized that they were not invincible.	Is this your Nazarene, or is it the old god, the immortal and invincible sun?	The mistiness and inexplicability of his productions is part of such a process, as well as of invincible temperament.	It was no longer a galloping charge, but a slow and invincible strangulation.	What does it signify to mankind that Milo of croton and other victors of his class were invincible?	The invincible Corporal Casey has not yet put in an appearance.	Lee, with his invincible legions, was still sweeping northward.	They always reveal the invincible tendency of the masses to mythologize.	So that at this date they regarded their prowess as invincible.	An you pardon me, I would add to the King's wager that his men are invincible.	In very truth, we have an invincible reluctance to disclose what Miss Hepzibah Pyncheon was about to do.	The Roman genius for order soon led to innovations in military science that made the Roman legions a virtually invincible fighting force for centuries.	Now, my dear Guitant, I have often remarked that in addition to your courage, which is indisputable, and your fidelity, which is invincible, you possess an admirable memory.
English	Polish	claim	domagaæ siê	They claim no one has refused to buy a wide-bodied motor home on the grounds of noncompliance with the regulations.	In every case, he will claim, all the evidence we will ever have radically underdetermines what it would be true or even justifiable to believe.	He is keen to become a key part of new coach Lee Crooks' plans and is ready to stake his claim for the loose forward shirt.	However, that has failed to silence critics who claim that the judge's credibility has been damaged and that he must go.	Would they claim that if car theft were totally stopped that all the former car thieves would go out and buy one?	Knox preached on her behalf, and threatened popery and tyranny should Mary enforce her claim.	At best, they claim, clever programming might allow it to simulate human emotions, but these would just be clever fakes.	If you default on your mortgage repayments, the bank or lending institution has the right to claim 100 per cent of the property.	The first claim in the present patent appears to sin against both these connected principles.	A recent ruling by the Employment Appeal Tribunal upheld the claim of a sleep-in worker for such sleep-in time to be considered working time.	Opponents of the single currency claim Britain's economy is doing fine without it.	One quarter of those will die before they can claim their State pension, which pours yet more blood money into government pockets.	Defendants file massive summary judgment motions, seeking to dismiss every claim on various grounds.	The one surviving member of the Umayyads fled to Spain where he continued to claim to be caliph at Cordoba.	French sources claim that samples of Benchellali's ricin have been found in the UK and say several jars are unaccounted for.	This is why they all claim to be against water charges but are unanimous in opposing a non-payment campaign.	For morning munchies and afternoon snacks, you'll find great fruit scones waiting to claim your attention.	The SNP, they claim, is being punished unduly for the general disillusion with home rule.	The war arose from rivalry between Britain's claim to be the paramount power in southern Africa and the desire of the Boers for autonomy.	He found the undamaged ticket on the ground and posted it to the National Joint Pitch Council to claim the winnings.	The claim of the insured included an additional claim to underpin an adjacent office block, which was not part of the insured property.	An unemployed person can claim income support to live on and apply for help paying rent and council tax.	He ran the length of the pitch, knocking Leigh defenders down like skittles to score a sensational try and claim victory for Keighley.	Police, who claim to have deployed 17,000 officers in the city, have been given orders to shoot on sight to avoid disorder.	Because Faustus has blasphemed against God in his incantations, Mephistophilis has come to see if he can claim Faustus' soul.	Some leaders of those groups claim that's a significant undercount.	At least Maude will have a basis in the stock options equal to Harold's income, and she eventually will claim a capital loss when the unexercised options expire.	For the past 40 years, the man behind the instantly-recognisable opening bars of the soap opera's signature tune has modestly kept quiet about his claim to fame.	However, once the work is paid for, the contract is concluded and a consumer cannot claim money back, unless they paid under protest, confirming that in writing at the time.	He was challenging the nuclear claim made by the vice president, which was central to the argument, the case for war, the smoking gun in the form of a mushroom cloud.	It is not entirely accurate to claim English players are generally held back instead of being given their chance in the full bloom of youthful innocence.	The Secretary of State notes that you claim that your father approached village elders with a request that they mediate in the blood feud in which your family is involved.	If the deceased is survived by a spouse, the descendants are entitled to claim legal rights over, and share between them, a third of the deceased's movable property.	No-one has suggested that the plaintiff's claim is not bona fide.	Until then, I will continue to do my part by vocally denouncing those who claim they are acting in the name of my faith.	Numerous products claim to bolster strength or endurance in sports.	Don't hide behind meaningless rhetoric or claim you're ready for action only to back off when the NRA comes knocking.	This is an important point, and Reed is right to claim greater recognition for the contribution of the Bloomsbury artists to twentieth-century modernism.	They claim to have concerns that such a mass influx of people into wildlife areas will disrupt animal mating, damage flora and poison underground freshwater sources.	Venezuela brought up again the settled claim, during the 1960s cold war period, and during Guyana's Independence period.	Meanwhile, an associate of Pizarro, Diego de Almagro, attempted to claim Cusco.	The Indians who inhabit the hill country also claim that Herakles was one of them.	He failed in that regard, but staked an English claim somewhere on the northern California coast.	In February 1544 he made a claim on the royal treasury, but was ignored for the next three years.	The international community in 1874 recognized the Spanish Empire's claim of sovereignty over the islands as part of the Spanish East Indies.	This claim is found in the Florenino Codex, among other early sources, and accepted as true in many later histories.	The 7lb claim proved vital as Burke forced Daas Rite ahead in the final strides to foil Handsome Jack, ridden by Tom Queally.	Peugeot's 308RCZ is a dead ringer for Audi's TT but the French claim their effort is far more practical.	I phoned and was told my claim had not been processed, and I was to hand in my P45, which I did the next day.	The Debt of Honour campaign, launched with the Gurkha Welfare Trust, claim many veterans are surviving on little more than 30 pounds a month.	Other sources claim he went mad before the voyage, and thus did not join the expedition.	In 1982 the state of Massachusetts filed a claim of ownership on the Whydah treasure.	They claim that about one third of open ocean sharks and rays are under threat of extinction.	The later dates cast doubt over Olaf's claim to be of Harald Fairhair's kin, and the legitimacy of his claim to the throne.	The two men in the hole heard this speech, and Haakon became distrustful of Kark, fearing he would kill him to claim the price.	When Thorfinn is old enough to claim his share of the islands, he sends Thorkel to gather tributes at the islands.	Henry rode to Winchester, where an argument ensued as to who now had the best claim to the throne.	In return, Henry renounced his claim to many of the territories that had been lost by King John.	Deregulation advocates may claim that the taxi service level increases most in the poorest sections of the city.	Deregulation advocates claim that regulators only have a very limited information on the market.	Taxi companies claim that deregulation would cause problems, raise prices and lower service level on certain hours or in certain places.	This claim was questioned and it was suggested that the wheat DNA was too pristine and probably represents contamination.	The park's claim to have been established in 1843 would make it the oldest theme park in the United Kingdom.	The Ross Dependency is New Zealand's territorial claim in Antarctica, where it operates the Scott Base research facility.	Are you going to claim the Franciscan Friars photochopped their own photo for their own website?	There is also a claim about an earlier Bulgar Turkic origin of the word popular in Bulgaria, however it is only an unscholarly assertion.	Some works make the claim in passing, perhaps citing someone else's claim of a copyist's error as justification.	Nydam Bog has played a role in the Danish national claim for Southern Jutland.	Some linguists claim that mutual intelligibility is, ideally at least, the primary criterion separating languages from dialects.	This claim was rejected by Appian, who maintained that Octavian shared an equal interest with Lepidus and Antony in eradicating his enemies.	I'll ping the insurance company again to see if they've received our claim.	Stilicho actually proposed using Alaric's troops to enforce Honorius' claim to the prefecture of Illyricum.	Charlemagne used these circumstances to claim that he was the renewer of the Roman Empire, which had declined under the Byzantines.	Otto prevailed for a while after Philip was murdered in a private squabble in 1208, until he began to also claim Sicily.	However, Harald had to swear an oath that he would not claim the title of king as long as Sigurd or his son was alive.	Both the Norwegian kings' sagas and Adam of Bremen's account claim that kings and chieftains played a prominent role in cultic sacrifices.	In recent years, a nation state's claim to absolute sovereignty within its borders has been much criticized.	He would later change his idea and claim that Nordics and Southern Italians were closely related groups both racially and spiritually.	The move to claim the Madeiran islands was probably a response to Castile's efforts to claim the Canary Islands.	Although the Philippines were not named in the treaty, Spain implicitly relinquished any claim to them because they were well west of the line.	Arrian also mentioned this as an alternative, but Plutarch specifically denied this claim.	He deeply admired and wished to save his father's accomplishments and spent a lot of time proving his claim to the throne.	Both sides claim policy prescriptions from George Washington's Farewell Address as evidence for their argument.	Marco does not claim any very exalted position for himself in the Yuan empire.	However some studies, such as IFRA's research claim that opoponax is too dangerous to be used in perfumery, still lack scientific consensus.	If the claim is accepted, the Portuguese Continental Shelf will become one of the largest in the World.	Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the above list, but there is considerable difference among sources.	Noli has claim to discovering the first set of islands, while the second were possibly found by Diogo Gomes.	The two disputed letters claim that Vespucci made four voyages to America, while at most two can be verified from other sources.	Indeed, some in the nomenklatura claim that Castro never married Dalia.	In Central Australia anthropologists claim that white men were responsible for the disappearance of polygyny and gerontocracy practices.	For future research, additional theoretical work to model and parametrize the claim process is needed.	The 29-year-old former Queen of the South striker headed the winning goal in extra-time as Gillingham beat Wigan 3-2 to claim promotion.	Accordingly, the drivers of such cars can not claim that they were not involved in parking violation.	A worrying 55 per cent of partygoers claim to have no idea how they got home from last year's celebrations.	In what follows, we present empirical research which indicates that the claim that anti-intellectualist and praxist judgments are prevalent is mistaken on both counts.	The Archbishop and Marquis made plans to have the Infanta Joanna marry her uncle, King Alfonso V of Portugal and invade Castile to claim the throne for themselves.	Its revival and widespread use in the 19th Century therefore had a clear Danish nationalist connotation of laying a claim to the territory and objecting to the German claims.	Charles VIII's successor, Louis XII reiterated the French claim.	In nearly all deregulating cities the number of taxis increased, more people were employed as drivers, and deregulation advocates claim needs were better satisfied.	Before Columbus even reached Isabella I of Castile, John II had already sent a letter to them threatening to send a fleet to claim it for Portugal.	At the conference, the Taoist claim was officially refuted, and Kublai forcibly converted 237 Daoist temples to Buddhism and destroyed all copies of the Daoist texts.	Outside experts claim North Korea's detainment of its southern neighbours could be an attempt to pressure South Korea or to raise northern hostility towards the country.	His convening of both the Synod of Arles and the First Council of Nicaea indicated his interest in the unity of the Church, and showcased his claim to be its head.	Proponents who recognize Austrians as a nation claim that Austrians have Celtic heritage, as Austria is the location of the first characteristically Celtic culture to exist.	The modern peoples of Belarus, Ukraine and Russia all claim Kievan Rus' as their cultural ancestors, with Belarus and Russia deriving their names from it.	In this way, these foreign owners held a greater claim on Finland.	It is sometimes classified as having sovereignty but does not claim any territory in Rome or anywhere else, hence leading to dispute over its actual sovereign status.	The northern Labrador Inuit submitted their land claim in 1977, although they had to wait until 2005 to have a signed land settlement establishing Nunatsiavut.	This prompted him to come back a few years later in 1500, and claim the Duchy of Milan for himself, his grandmother having been a member of the ruling Visconti family.	Today you can claim a collection of five top performing climbers that contain a mixture of large and small flowered clematis and impressive passion flowers.	I sent a ping to the insurance company to see if they received our claim.	To contest the simultaneity of racializing and genderizing the postimperial nation, they needed to historicize the nation and claim full membership as Black British women.	Conscientious objection is legally acceptable and those who claim this right are obliged to serve an institutionalised nine months civilian service instead.	Sulla would later claim that the credit for ending the war was his.	Murray moved to 40-15 to claim two match points but the home favourite reeled off three points for game point before the Briton hauled him back to deuce.	Interim boss Roberto Di Matteo worked miracles to patch together an ageing and disjointed squad with enough unity and spirit to claim European glory.	Other unrecognized regions which claim independence include Abkhazia, Transnistria, Somaliland, South Ossetia, Nagorno Karabakh, and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.	No one, my dear sir, shall say that he has an unsatisfied claim against me.	The next claim has been made on behalf of the murrhine vases of the ancients, which are described as cooked in Parthian fires.	The girl was a natural child of parents too noble ever to own and claim her.	Some expositors claim that the beginning of the year in Ezekiel's vision was in the month of Nisan commemorating the Passover.	The vender not seeing the force of the Cadi's proposal, also withdrew his claim.	On this count, then, I claim acquittal, being for the moment on the side of Virchow.	Even the most optimistic vivisectionist will not claim that more than 10-20 per cent of animal experiments are of value.	Frank said that he would go and make his pile, too, and never come back to claim me until he had as much as pa.	Experts claim outwear clothing takes 50 years for a once fashionable look to be back in style.	Without it, Pete's claim would be so vague as to be untenable.	We have helped to upbuild that Empire, and we claim our inheritance.	Tiny sold her hotel, invested half her money in Dawson building lots, and with the rest she developed her claim.	Yes, the producer will always claim the whole show if it all goes well.	The next week I was danged if that Police Chief Bill Blair didn't go on national radio and claim the whole thing was a setup 'cause the tape was tampered with.
English	Polish	insist	obstawaæ	The Ndola Wanderers coach advised the incoming coach to insist on friendlies before any major international games.	Upon partial payment, the creditor may insist on receiving a new bond for the remnant, or he may give an acquittance for the part paid.	Why, then, do we insist that athletes should develop or succeed in both swimming and water polo?	All bona fide masters insist upon the completion of an academic course of study.	Under the paragraph 3 process, parents have a qualified right to insist on their preference for a particular school.	Lavrov, however, continues to insist that the Annan Plan should be tweaked.	That is what we need to insist upon and that is what we must act upon.	Cable rivals in Texas insist they're not quaking in their cowboy boots.	Drabelle writes about all this, but only to brush it aside and insist that Bierce was some sort of morally rigorous truth teller.	No crimes were committed by Sony with the possible exception of all those Adam Sandler movies they insist on making.	The conductor Robert Irving began to insist on a faster tempo, and Balanchine rechoreographed it when Ms. Paul left.	Still, rebel leaders insist the city is beefing up its defenses covertly.	They may adamantly reject help and insist that they can manage on their own.	If you insist on posting your baby photos to that abortion newsgroup, get ready for some flamage.	Henry II decided instead to insist Richard to nominally surrender Aquitaine to his mother whilst Richard retained would actual control.	He feared that his English enemies would insist on his execution and that William would give in to their demands.	Why does she insist on wearing shorts so short that you can see her mooey too?	His father Richard Lilburne was the last man in England to insist that he should be allowed to settle a legal dispute with a trial by combat.	Baptists also insist on immersion or dipping, in contradistinction to other Reformed Christians.	Presbyterians do not insist that every detail of chronology or sequence or prescientific description in scripture be true in literal form.	This caused them to insist upon Augustus' participation in imperial affairs from time to time.	However, the same measure has also been taken by churches that normally insist on the importance of receiving communion under both forms.	They insist that antioxidant supplements can reduce the benefits of radiation.	To a man, Cyrenaica's new landlords insist they are the launchpad for a countrywide liberation, with Tripoli as the capital, not a separatist movement.	Some scholars insist this explanation ignores the religious context, and others question it as an apologetic of the philosophical coherence of the text.	When you look at a chair, you are aware of its shape from a particular point of view, but defenders of this objection insist that you are also aware of its chairness.	Rogge later denied that any such meeting had taken place, but failed to insist that China adhere to its prior assurances that the Internet would not be censored.	Looking back over my previously written account of these things, I must insist that I have been altogether juster to Cavor than he has been to me.	Angles likewise which insist on the Diameter, are all Right Angles.	Mind you, it's lucky they didn't insist on the fluency in English criterion for students when John Prescott first wangled his way into Ruskin College.	It would have been churlish and inexpedient after this to insist on further conversation.	We should insist that the public interest be fully served through the public's airwaves.	It should not insist on making every alumnus a linguist or a mathematician.	We cannot insist on a mission for him and the collectorship for a barnburner.	We must insist on the correction of the mistakes made by the Treaty of Bucharest.	A pestilent conceit, which so often will insist upon obtruding even when beholding the mightiest royal beadle on his throne.	Pierre could divine that an abyss was opening, and dared not insist.
English	Polish	stumpy	krêpy	Looser garments can make you look stumpy, so opt for a fit that is trim rather than baggy.	I saw it, a grin and a nod, from the most senior of them a skinny 15 year old kid with stumpy dreads I exhaled with relief.	Vines with yawning purple flowers clung to the walls, and thick, stumpy trees guarded the back of the house.	But, to my surprise, there was my dog, wagging her stumpy little tail and walking over to greet me.	Mascara is the great Houdini of the make-up world, transforming lashes from sparse and stumpy to luxurious and lovely.	His coat was a beautiful Chinchilla grey, except for his tummy and stumpy little legs, which were covered with coarsish shiny black hair.	In the late '50s, his paintings became populated with stumpy, beastlike figures, often adorned with military medals.	She took the stopper out of the bottle and placed it on the small table next to the stumpy candle.	It is topped by a stumpy, Lego-like lighthouse where a keeper and his family lived until 1987, when they were replaced by a light bulb.	The tall officer told the short stumpy man to take her son, Jared, somewhere else as he took care of her, himself.	I've just drained the last few drops from the bottle, all that remains are the few beads of condensation that cling to the outside of the stumpy brown empty vessel.	His stumpy tail held aloft is unmistakable even in the dark.	Andrew nodded, tore a page out of the sketch book in his pocket and scratched out his number with a stumpy pencil hooked in the books ring binder.	Floaty, floral frocks are the WAG dress of choice, giving elegance, height and grace to anyone who is short, stumpy and clompy.	Overhead, hardy lammergeier vultures circle the fractured mountain peaks, where fault lines resemble the wrinkly, saggy skin on an old man's stumpy neck.	It was exciting work, and the blood of Leopold and stumpy had been up to fever heat.	This utensil would be troublesome to use in an orchard, or on stumpy ground.	Why had his own fingers been made so stumpy and square-tipped?	He seated himself upon his desk, his short, stumpy legs swinging in front of him.	The stumpy little lizard known as the horned frog is harmless.	She was stumpy, high bowed, low waisted, with a short black funnel.	At one of the central tables a very stumpy little priest sat in complete solitude, and applied himself to a pile of whitebait with the gravest sort of enjoyment.
English	Polish	hothead	porywczy	He's a violent hothead who's clearly on a collision course with his destiny.	The three women are, respectively, crotchety old lady, hothead cynic, and frustrated, overachieving go-between.	A hothead who believes life itself has betrayed him is liable to take even minor perceived disloyalty as treason.	Novacek is apparently not concerned with traditional bravura, and in his interpretation the romantic hothead is seen through the prism of his later, classicising work.	He feared no living man, but he was no hothead to be drawn from his purpose.	He's savin' that hothead kid the blood of a killin' on his hands.	My dear hothead, they are big enough to look out for themselves.
English	Polish	solace	pociecha	Although outsiders view the pairing as sordid and unsavoury, the couple cling together, finding solace in this unlikely romance.	An unrivalled observer of the countryside, he found no Wordsworthian solace there, nor in his own unhappy marriage.	That it continues to provide solace to readers long after the initial marketing push.	This is just a figment of the imagination of weak minds that conjure up images to provide solace when they cannot handle reality, she continued.	They could both find temporary solace, but they'd feel awkward and distant afterwards.	If it's stodge and solace you need, then the hearty Scottish breakfast will do the job.	The decision to be open about her illness has brought her both solace and stress.	They had hoped for scientific certitudes and now they are being told that science cannot give them this solace.	They profoundly know that the God they worship is the same Supreme Being in whom peoples of all faiths find solace and peace.	After living a dissolute, ungodly life, the priest, who was nearing death, came to seek solace at a Cluniac priory.	The bond was strengthened because individuals persecuted by the authorities could seek succor and solace from the Church.	We know music enriches the human spirit, feeds the emotions and provides solace, peace, beauty and passion to our inner being.	The programme follows Gordon as he tries to help bereaved parents Greta and Andrew Rhodes seek solace following the death of their son.	First he found solace in Bollywood, but his film Anarth bombed at the box office.	He discerned turtles, mocking-birds, merles, nightingales, cushats and stone-curlews inside, and marvelled and was moved to much joy and solace.	This was a moving, poignant ceremony, which gave solace to the parents and families.	If this bald truth makes any one of us feel uncomfortable, we can take some solace in knowing we are not the only species to exploit the lie.	They visit the gurdwara, where Min seeks spiritual solace, and Balbir looks for help in finding Min a husband.	We took solace in the fact that, above all else, music was his passion and that we could take his mind off his disease while we played.	Mila's solace was then disrupted when she heard a group of people from the crowd scream her name.	She escaped to the solace of the dark bedchamber, easily finding the window bench seat without a candle.	Who hasn't taken solace in some form of greediness, self-assertion, or just plain carelessness?	Her advice was often comfort and solace in itself and her ways were the ways of goodness and serenity.	The forlorn gazes of the people beseeched them to give them solace, to end their pain.	The thought was that people with low self-esteem turn to drinking or drugs for solace.	Then there came a moment, I believe it was in the dead of night, and in the blessed stillness I found solace.	She found solace for her grief by teaching herself to sew using an embroidery kit.	It was a solace for me when everybody agreed that I do not look so bad after all.	He and his wife go out to Walter Reed and Bethesda all the time to provide comfort and solace.	So many times she wanted to turn back and seek solace in the comfort of her home and family.	My only solace is the fact that most kids rebel against their teachers and do the opposite.	They were also welcomed into homes and hearts, finding solace and friendship in the most unlikely places.	The church is always linked with humility and a place where people seek solace.	He wanted to stay near so she could reach out for him when she most needed his comfort and solace.	I will be seeking solace in the long scarf, basking in its warmth like a lover's embrace.	Classic stories tell of men who fight wars and abandon kingdoms to find solace in their young love.	If a person solaces himself for being fat by eating more, he's going to eat more to solace himself for the extra weight.	In varsity, a friend told me quite plainly and cynically that friends use each other to gain something, using to gain information, influence, solace and companionship.	They have not even the solace of big muscles and the solidarity of unions from which to construct their identities and with which to salve their bruised egos.	And there is definitely something to finding solace in food, familiarity, and memory.	In a random world, the linearity of games is a wonderful solace.	Then he probably felt refuge and solace in someone who thinks that everything is wonderful and totally OK to do in this world.	We pray that solace is found in the idea that Marlise Munoz is now at peace and her family may finally begin the mourning process.	Searching for some solace, some clue that would let him know she had been happy with him, she had not bore ill will for him, that she loved him unconditionally.	The length and breadth of the country benefits from the services of the home care nurses who work tirelessly, to bring solace to those caught up in the trauma.	Mary has been the source of solace and consolation in times of anxiety.	Perhaps he read it when he was in Monterey to solace his wounded feelings.	Highway safety flares provided light as the clans joined by loss sought solace in prayer and song.	Even so, no matter that I love to stitch, that I pick up the quilt whenever I can, that I honestly take solace in this homely handwork, it still takes months.	Some find solace in campaigning and others want nothing to do with it.	I also found solace and beauty in the ethereally light Divertimento in B flat, a work which was not previously available in the Toscanini discography.	I took solace in drink, of which there was a plentiful supply.	According to Lord Moran, during the war years Churchill sought solace in his tumbler of whisky and soda and his cigar.	There is little solace the Hiles family can take from this farce except perhaps that after six long years it is at least now over.	He has temporarily abandoned his studies temporarily and seeks solace by playing the santur, an Iranian instrument.	Such as exceed not this scantling, to be solace to the sovereign and harmless to the people.	The two generals were also reported to have found solace with the wives of subordinate officers to ease the stressful burdens of command.	The actor will play a depressed man who finds solace in wearing a beaver hand-puppet.	Emersed in a thrilling, freeflowing game against Italy in which Ireland performed well above expectation, he found solace in the dugout knowing it was a Roy Keane-free zone.	The intention of the ICRC was to provide the families of the prisoners with some hope and solace and to alleviate their uncertainties about the fate of their loved ones.	The ropedancer had recovered consciousness, and the kind prelate's presence was a solace to her.	Faith in themselves has enabled the martyrs to obtain solace even on the brasiers of their tormentors.	And what do you propose to give him in exchange for the solace that you take away?	But it brought no solace to the mind of the weak, hard-hearted, and guilty son.	It might be stoutly questioned whether Verona held one unshriven soul, one sin unspoken, or one solace unawarded.	When I fancied I was taking my last breath, the Gita was my solace.	You will find in this draught a solace for all your troubles.	All the meed of the tomb, all the solace of sepulture, I give freely.	When alone, they solace themselves with the remembered image of the other.	Or, if I would delight my private hours With music or with poem, where so soon As in our native language can I find That solace?	Your kind, consolatory letters are certainly the solace of my life.	The dowagers Ingram and Lynn sought solace in a quiet game at cards.
English	Polish	emanate	pochodziæ	Let's face it, it's no wonder we lack the words to describe the complex, fleeting sensations that emanate from a glass of wine.	The base of the polyp becomes fixed to the substrate and stolons emanate from the aboral pole of the primary polyp.	The perikaryon of a microglial cell is irregular in shape, and, if elongated, the few processes emanate from both of its poles.	Unfortunately, the gowns don't emanate the same elegance that Armani is so known for.	She gently intonates the high notes in order to allow the full bass to emanate crisply and without effort.	But in the middle of the gallery, there's a circular seating area from which emanate the sounds of various female monologues.	She briefly hesitates once again, as I feel a strange sensation that seems to emanate from where her hand touches my chest.	A pale white glow began to emanate from my body, spreading like the very blood pumping through my veins.	Anti-Arab racism does not emanate from a single source, and certainly is not limited to passions stemming from the Arab-Israeli conflict.	Gord Downie is one of the few songwriters whose lyrics still emanate the qualities of poetry and Downie's literary allusions are many.	Her touch at his arm seemed to emanate a warmth which spread from there and throughout his body.	The handscroll format allows emotions to emanate with each unrolling, like the mists exhaled by the landscape and water.	Control is understood as one's being the source whence her actions emanate.	Kandinsky's ideas for non-representational art emanate from several different sources.	It appears to emanate from the formulation of a rather artificial linguistic paradox.	There were multiple scorches on the hull and smoke and sparks continued to emanate from various sections of it.	These days, in contrast, fashion trends emanate from a diverse range of sources.	They emanate a kind of spirit and momentum that forces the viewer to look at the world through the eyes of the artist.	Astronomers suspect that the distant emissions may emanate from the same type of nebulas.	The concrete building from which the sounds emanate shakes from the impact, rattling the colorful houses on the dirt roads nearby.	Stylists at Cartoon Cuts wash as well as cut their customers' hair, dousing the suds with hoses that emanate from the trunks of green fiberglass elephants.	All of these constituents are aromatic indicating that the cinnamon oil, the oil of anise star and the linalool oil of aloe wood all emanate from the powder composition.	The challenges to the political power of many Middle Eastern states nowadays emanate from domestic and global sources as well as economic and social changes.	They all have faces so tight that smiles emanate from their foreheads,and their dyed jet black bouffants are like 78 records with partings.	Fowlsheugh can be accessed by a public clifftop trail, or by boats which usually emanate from the nearby harbour at the town of Stonehaven.	This cloud, known as the Oort Cloud, is believed to be the reservoir from which comets emanate.	Your bodies will emanate scent, and you will go to paradise.	Their intrusion into these spaces disrupts the infinite loop of class narrative in which power and responsibility emanate solely from family and gender.	At impact, concentric radii emanate from the point of percussion, but unlike conchoidal fracture, the force travels along what would be the center of the Hertzian cone.	Electrosensitive fish, such as sharks and catfish, are able to localize small prey by detection of the weak bioelectric field that these prey emanate.	The Treasures of Heaven are not Negations of Passion but Realities of Intellect from which All the Passions Emanate Uncurbed in their Eternal Glory.	Malignant growths are of two types, carcinomatous and sarcomatous, dependent upon the tissue from which they emanate.	To them matter is as insoluble as the transforming forces which emanate from it.	I respect them because they are just, because they emanate from your will, which is the most sacred law for me.	The suppression extends over the unconscious ideation, because the liberation of pain might emanate from the ideation.	But so does all science emanate from the demand of our reason for systematization.	Some of that power ought to emanate from him with every pill and drug which he prescribes.	Honour will emanate from the people and be reflected upon the leaders.	He is judge and executor of laws which emanate solely from himself.	The sounds seemed to emanate from the apartments of the Walsh family.	They emanate from a 'dream time' of Olmec heads, the dry, harsh world of Pre-Columbian South America re-memorized within the green leafiness of England's capital city.
English	Polish	wrath	gniew	Not only was Paul frightened of his father's drunken wrath, all the children were.	Anyone who challenges it from outside the islands risks the wrath of the local kirk and determined opposition from religious groups.	I'm going to risk her wrath, I say, and at last I think there is a glimmer of a smile.	Step out of line here and the wrath of the consumer can descend with real force.	The man in the white coat holding the dart gun looked up as Aidan came down him without mercy and blinded by fury and wrath.	Doctors who perform abortions, meanwhile, bear the brunt of the organized anti-choice movement's wrath.	The batty old lady had made the mistake of incurring the wrath of the Riders of the Apocalypse, and she paid for that within the second.	He was usually slow to anger but once his wrath was roused he made a dangerous enemy.	His face hadn't seen a razor for the best part of a week, for which he ludicrously incurred the wrath of the network commentator.	When I had the temerity to refer to this survey in a newspaper column, the wrath of a very substantial and vocal lobby came down upon my head.	Speakers go about their oratory for hours together earning the wrath of the listeners.	Any time now, the gods will turn their wrath upon this blasphemer and strike him down.	Jesus reaffirms his unwavering confidence in the Father, even as he bears the Father's wrath in the place of sinners.	As a veteran Sydney bottle-o, the concept of bottle recycling has certainly not incurred my wrath.	Naples itself is best left to the Neapolitans, to the stray dogs that haunt its blighted squares and to the pent-up wrath of Vesuvius.	Mara stood there, face incandescent with rage, eyes blazing with purple wrath and entire body outlined in a shimmering nimbus of terrible light.	The evidence of God's wrath was the blocks upon blocks of burned buildings we supposedly brought on ourselves.	The voters have since then, to paraphrase Robert Burns, been nursing their wrath to keep it warm.	He had promised Aphrodite a hecatomb, a sacrifice of 100 oxen, if he won Helen, but forgot about it, and earned her wrath.	Of course, teachers responded to his pranks and high jinks with wrath and hours of detention.	Billy and White Eagle drove their horses at a furious pace as they hoped to escape Slade's wrath.	Howbeit he abode amid his beaked, seafaring ships in utter wrath against Agamemnon, Atreus' son, shepherd of the host.	Few had the courage to buck the system in case they incurred the well-known wrath of the tsar.	Even in the well-constructed buildings in California, designed to withstand massive quakes, we cower in primal fear when we face nature's wrath.	Laurent Joubert directed his wrath against those who dared to trespass into the realms of medicine, despite an ignorance of physic.	In 1148 he incurred Stephen's wrath by attending a papal council at Rheims and retorted with an interdict which was little regarded.	Now those who put their bins out too early, fly-tip, fly-post and refuse to clean up after their dogs can expect to feel the council's wrath.	We must cripple the American war machine and lend all possible material support to those suffering its wrath.	Even now, interviewed thirty years later, the wife yells at the husband for daring the wrath of these wiseguys.	The folks behind this campaign, which invited the wrath of the puritans, are two young men based in Bangalore.	To destroy an image of the Gods protecting a burial site was to evoke the wrath not only of the God, but of the dead entombed there.	The hope is that members end up restraining each other rather than incur the wrath of the police.	The king, well aware of Medea's wrath, decrees her banishment.	Again legend tells us that the Swallow was sacred to the Penates or household gods, and therefore to injure one would be to bring wrath upon your own house.	But the scheme has incurred the wrath of the Environment Agency because of its potential effect on domestic water supplies from springs in the area.	Twelve-year-old dance prodigy Maddie Ziegler has suffered the wrath of Dance Moms tyrant Abby Lee Miller.	Its wrath, had it been rebuffed, was potentially catastrophic.	Every tyrant and every oppressor deserve the full wrath of justice.	If he thought of it at all, he considered himself a fulfiller of God's judgement, a vessel of wrath to be emptied upon the souls of the unrighteous.	How can there be when almost any meal can ignite the author's wrath, unleash despair, inspire uncontainable joy and even unbalance a volatile relationship?	Fortunately, she has a sharp and tarry black humour, so while she attacks the objects of her wrath, she leavens the battle with a running current of dark and infectious wit.	No leg muscle escapes the wrath of the roller blade and, as inline skating is a low impact exercise, it has the benefit of being easy on the joints.	Or, anyway, we were willing to brave the wrath of the building superintendent and climb the roof stairs to Tar Beach.	In that split second of my unleashing the wrath of God on this poor soul, she became covered with copious body hair, grew fangs and proceeded to turn into Mrs. Jekyll.	Our roving contributor inspired the wrath of one of our Finnish readers with his almost correct brief history of the previously low profile Aland Islands.	Equally, the United manager may possibly be one of the few figures down south who can speak to referees in such a brusque, accusatory manner and not incur their wrath.	The way of those on whom Thou hast bestowed Thy Grace, those whose is not wrath, and who go not astray.	Unfortunately, as the years wore on, he became more despotic and appeared to go insane, venting his wrath against monks and thereby alienating the powerful sangha.	Historians have not determined whether policy differences, personal animosities, or mental imbalance caused his wrath.	When God...draws aside his curtain, and shows his arsenal and his armory, full of arrows steeled with wrath.	Montserratians are renowned as quietly proud, polite, and fatalistic people, and they are no strangers to the wrath of nature.	Here, though, he's a ponytailed bad-ass who incurs the wrath of Sly Stallone's hitman in a violent action yarn.	Odysseus is even told, notwithstanding his ultimate safe return, that to placate the wrath of Poseidon will require one more voyage on his part.	He fled from the alleged wrath of the king of Strathclyde, Rhydderch Hael, after the slaying of Gwenddoleu ap Ceidio.	Divinely aided, Aeneas escapes the wrath of Achilles and survives the Trojan War.	Her father's wrath was now aroused, and he would have gladly allied with Carloman to defeat Charles.	How could he appease the wrath of Him who died on the cross, save by years of bitter supplication and self-punishment?	Like napalm or the wrath of God, but for your digestive system.	So whose efforts will be a load of old codswallop and who will be facing the wrath of Lord Sugar in the boardroom?	Incurring the wrath of the nihilists early, he feinted right.	With a beller of wrath, I jerked my arm away from him and hung a clout on his proboscis that knocked him headfirst through the ropes.	Bradley had to learn that headmasterly wrath did not work on undergraduates like Charles Cree.	His next act of manslaughter will be met with the wrath of the Earth Goddess, suggesting a domineering matriarchate embedded within the surface patriarchate.	For though we feel in us wrath, debate, and strife, yet we be all mercifully beclosed in the mildhead of God, and in his meekhead, in his benignity, and in his buxomness.	Whether or not avoiding pork in the Bronze Age Middle East was a good way of escaping the wrath of God, it was a good way of escaping the risk of trichinosis.	And a praier for the appeasing of Gods wrath and indignation.	Clement also feared the wrath of Catherine's nephew, Holy Roman Emperor Charles V, whose troops earlier that year had sacked Rome and briefly taken the Pope prisoner.	At length the people rose in wrath and began to upturn the government and try to set up a new state of things.	But at this Abe's prudence deserted him, and righteous wrath rose to the ascendent.	She sent for me betimes, and I went in fear and trembling of her wrath and scorn.	Phoebe's indignation was cumulative always, and was now bubbling into wrath.	We will hurl grape and cannister into the camps of the saloonatics until they flee the wrath to come.	Janet tried in vain to take his attention, and ended by flouncing out of the old parlour, hot with indignant wrath.	This was so unexpected that his wrath was, for the instant, displaced by astonishment.	Fleetwood's wrath with his position warned him against the dupery of any such alcove thoughts.	But when the sea receives thee, the wrath of the prison of Eolus shall be loosed upon thy head.	When the courtiers saw the wrath of the king, they took the fool away and beat him.	Full of wrath Malek-es-Saleh wrote a letter to the sheikh Sinan filled with the bitterest reproaches.	With an imprecation of wrath he called his companion's attention to the spot.	Those who incur the wrath of the god are apt to have strange visitations in their homes.	Not even her wrath at the girl's insolence could wholly overcome her wonder.	In the meantime, concern and suspense and irruptive wrath had their chief abode in the inner room of Remington and Evans.	Great was the wrath of the Loco-Focos when they found this measure on the tapis.	There was a tremulousness in the words, but it was due to his tumultuous wrath and not to fear.	A mob of women gazed up at him and its one expression was unconcealed wrath.	The waters of the ocean have been made brackish and undrinkable by the wrath of the Brahmanas.	If my wrath was unhallowed, it wrought the peaceable fruits of righteousness.	But when they got indoors, Mr. preen let loose the vials of his wrath upon Oliver.	But for the moment the discovery, instead of nerving him, inflamed his wrath.	The man turned a face upon him which was lion-like in its strength and in its wrath.	This project to be his housekeeper was one dear to Meg's heart, the pacifier of her wrath.	This somewhat appeases Tom's wrath, and by the end of the lesson he has regained his temper.	Doubtless both of them understood that the situation had become too serious to lose time in useless words and aimless wrath.	Both were so brimful of wrath as to be regardless of consequences.	From thence it is the storm of God's quick wrath is first descried, and the bow must bear the earliest brunt.	Then Mbonga emerged, a look of mingled wrath and superstitious fear writ upon his hideous countenance.	Georgiana chid at an internal wrath that struggled to win her lips.	Had the poor man be an apoplectic, he could never have recovered from his paroxysm of wrath.	After he had vented his wrath on me he had staggered below, and I understand be went to sleep on the floor of his own cabin.	Archer remembered Dallas's wrath at being asked to contemplate Mont Blanc instead of Rheims and Chartres.	It was something formidable and swift, like the sudden smashing of a vial of wrath.	He was choking too badly over his German wrath to enunciate words.	No wonder he is sometimes provoked to fiendish outbursts of wrath.	Thus he foregoes his wrath, and flings resentment from him like a mantle.	He stifled the wrath that welled up, threatening to choke him.	Manchegan Nero, look not down From thy Tarpeian Rock Upon this burning heart, nor add The fuel of thy wrath.	His hair and clothes were whitened with snow, and his sharp cannibal teeth, revealed by cold and wrath, gleamed through the dark.	Throughout the Huerta it seemed that God's own wrath had burst forth.	This response fell upon the duke's wrath like a bucket of ice-water.	They lend authority to the wrath, and protection to the wit of the wigged.	With wrath and ire he rose to mete out justice to this highwayman.	Even then I was reflecting on the real cause of the zemindar's wrath.	God's wrath comes with leaden feet, but it strikes with iron hands.	The sun went down on its wrath, and its night was tempestuous.	Then suddenly his hand moved, so feebly, so pitifully, that my wrath vanished.	She spoke with the wrath of a Tisiphone whipping herself to a frenzy.	Neither Moses nor towser could stay to face the coming wrath.	They turned their shoulders to her most savage slashes, and with wagging tails and mincing steps strove to placate her wrath.	He succeeded in placating the wrath of the Marquis of Caylus.	Rise therefore, and offer sacrifice to Juno, appeasing her wrath.	And at this, the Asura was inflamed with wrath against the Brahmana.	Its teeming population has been swept away by the besom of Jehovahs wrath.	Turning upon him in a blase of wrath and with unutterable loathing.	Arif Yampolsky playing Hugh Evans, a Welsh parson, incurs the duel-inciting wrath of Doctor Caius when he asks Mistress Quickly to help him match Anne with Slender.	And the more he let his mind dwell upon the wonderful happiness that was denied him because of his origin, the greater became his wrath against his creator.	Blanche did not trouble to conceal the wrath that was sparkling in her countenance, but bent her gaze upon me with an air of impatient expectancy.	But such hunted, wretched creatures, survivors of village massacres, escapes from the wrath of chiefs and from the long-pig fate of the cooking-pot, did come, and did endure.	It was in vain that Cedric expostulated with his guards, who had too many good reasons for their silence to be induced to break it either by his wrath or his expostulations.	I thought I was once more by the side of the Sphere, whose lustrous hue betokened that he had exchanged his wrath against me for perfect placability.	I appeased her wrath, and in a moment she transported me from the island where we were to the roof of my house, and she disappeared a moment afterwards.	Greeted at first with fear and trepidation, the insurrectionists are soon embraced by a growing tide of citizens, ultimately provoking the wrath of the mayor and his cronies.	Old Dinah, the head cook, and principal of all rule and authority in the kitchen department, was filled with wrath at what she considered an invasion of privilege.	At the same time, I observed, around both of them, splashes of dark blood upon the planks and began to feel sure that they had killed each other in their drunken wrath.	To him, Judge Scott was the keystone in the arch of injustice, and upon Judge Scott he emptied the vials of his wrath and hurled the threats of his revenge yet to come.	When Sancho heard him call the basin a headpiece he was unable to restrain his laughter, but remembering his master's wrath he checked himself in the midst of it.
English	Polish	greed	chciwoæ	Greed is one of the primary factors that induces corporations to, say, spew chemicals into our air and water.	Greed is the desire for material wealth or gain, ignoring the realm of the spiritual.	Envy is a graspingness for self. Greed is a graspingness for life.	Medieval writers criticised William for his greed and cruelty, but his personal piety was universally praised by contemporaries.	Greed is their most deadly sin, because none of them can escape it.	Greed and pride and passion call on violence to defeat justice and enthrone blind force.
English	Polish	back off	wycofaæ	I had to take it back off my head and unbutton the shirt, which contained a live spider somewhere.	Faced with criticism of her anti-democratic actions, the president was forced to back off.	They leaned on members of Congress, who in turn pressured the commission to back off.	As it slunk back off into the forest, another shadow crawled down from a tree, its long arms dragging along the ground behind it as it went.	Remember which wire is live and have your helper turn the power back off, checking with the tester to be sure.	But, quite rightly, the union refused to back off until the company withdrew its plan in its entirety.	I take the helmet back off, measurably more worried than I had been a moment before.	And on top of that, the pitcher would think twice about trying to brush the batter back off the plate.	It sounds like an air-raid siren but in fact it calls the timbermen back off shore leave.	He produced a knife with a six-inch blade which he waved at the guard, forcing him to back off.	The ball bounced back off the crossbar for Carlton to slam home the rebound.	When a suspect is mentally unstable, officers are trained to back off and call in a crisis intervention team.	If it does, corporations might back off from nickel-and-diming those they are supposed to serve.	Her cape had fallen back off one shoulder, but she didn't seem to notice or care.	I would tell you to back off from that one even were it not for all the other, um, studs in your life.	Keep your balance back off their forehand, in order to help them lift their front end.	I rolled over, rubbed the back of my arm and settled back on to my front ready to doze back off.	That gave Rovers renewed impetus and Baggio nearly scored a brilliant goal with a thunderous drive that bounced back off the crossbar.	York made a lively start with Colin Moore netting a rebound after the ball had bounced back off the keeper's legs from a short corner.	Twist each section clockwise and then click back off the forehead with a small claw clip, bobby pin or tiny alligator clip.	Don't hide behind meaningless rhetoric or claim you're ready for action only to back off when the NRA comes knocking.	When he takes the back off to mend it, he finds the lost grand.	However, that made her even more surprised when, only a few exits later, the car turned back off the thruway and into a maze of backstreets and alleys.	He then potted blue in the middle pocket but the cue ball rolled back off the baulk cushion into the opposite middle pocket for a five-point foul.	If you back off and look at this field as a whole, what you see is that the nonlocal effects of consciousness operate across an immense spectrum of nature.	I would have brushed him back off the plate a couple of times.	The situation was defused by quick-thinking American officers who had their men take a knee, visibly disarm, and then back off slowly.	Minutes later they led 3-when Alan Bailey, who had seen an earlier effort cannon back off the post, stabbed home a right foot shot following a Stuart corner.	He was eventually forced to back off by demonstrations and sit-downs.	It didn't take a brain surgeon to realize that things were obviously in danger of going Pete Tong. It was time to back off.	Still, Erickson has gotten banks to back off their usual requirement that a CCRC presell 80 percent of its units before getting a dime.	Mary McNally, by email AYOU must sand down the varnish to allow the undercoat to grip, or the paint will just chip back off again.	Aspas' chip bounced back off the bar and Nicolai Hogh could only nod it out as far as Alberto, who clinically dispatched a volley into the bottom corner.	The resulting yellow flags forced Hamilton to back off in the final moments of the session, which could have cost Hamilton a chance at pole position.	Baker's corner from the right was met by Maher who saw his header come back off the post to fellow centre half John Tambouras who belted the loose ball home.	A demonstrator had the back off from one of the big Lambert-Howell sprayers.	Phil Clapham had the good sense to back off when the gun was pointed at him and somebody shouted the order to shoot to kill.
English	Polish	survey	przegl¹d	This first comprehensive and critical survey of his life and work soon became the standard text on the architect and polyhistor.	Newspaper readership information is collated by the National Readership Survey.	He met the Director of the Pennsylvania Geological Survey, a prominent geologist with a special interest in fluvial geomorphology.	British Geological Survey maps indicate that the geology of the area is generally glacial till with underlying coal measures.	The arrestee Drug Abuse Monitoring survey was terminated in March, and not one congressmen tried to save it.	Angus produced his Ordinance Survey map and Jimmy regarded it with distaste.	This is an altazimuth theodolite of an improved pattern now used on the Ordnance Survey.	In the General Social Survey, conservatives differ insignificantly from political moderates on favoring more or less immigration.	In 1991, a separate office within the Ocean Service of NOAA was retitled the Coast and Geodetic Survey.	The Townland Survey not only mapped the Townlands but also collected information on local antiquities and place names.	Streamflow in the conterminous United States increased sharply around 1970 according to a recent study by the U.S. Geological Survey.	The Time Use Survey shows that young women 18-24 years do much more unpaid work than their male counterparts.	The company continues to be dogged by an ongoing dispute with the Ordinance Survey.	Survey results were tabulated for the entire sample and for girls and boys separately.	The Short Form Health Survey was designed to measure perceived current physical health.	The National Roads Authority 1999 Survey of Free Speeds quantifies widespread non-observance of speed limits by all classes of traffic.	The Water Survey of Canada, through the hydrometric database, provides streamflow and water level data that are used in the present study.	The Economic Survey states in no uncertain terms that overspending by the government continues unabated.	I was gazing at the Ordnance Survey map for the Ripon area and today's route just leapt off the page.	By following the contour lines on an Ordnance Survey map it is clear that the vast majority of the land area is above the flood plain.	Survey respondents nominated Hills Hoist as the country's most iconic brand.	Stuart now studies old Ordnance Survey maps, which mark the location of milestones with the letters MS, or MP for milepost.	Wasiolek said the school has not done any kind of survey on Adderall usage to determine whether the policy has made an impact.	Hocketing was widely used in medieval music and Professor Sander's article provides a convenient survey of those uses.	Canadian material, coming from about 350 localities, is housed temporarily at Iowa before its eventual permanent curation with the Geological Survey of Canada.	Kuwait is also frequently ranked as the Arab country with the greatest press freedom in Freedom House's annual Freedom of Press survey.	A survey of Northeast Africa by the World Bank and UN ranked Somalia second only to Sudan as the top prospective producer.	In a 2010 survey of forecast expenditure at retail centres in the United Kingdom, Meadowhall was ranked 12th and Sheffield City Centre 19th.	The hornero, living across most of the national territory, was chosen as the national bird in 1928 after a lower school survey.	The Domesday survey of 1086 revealed 110 households which were mainly rural.	These atlases typically consist of display maps, each showing local forms of a particular item at the survey locations.	After an initial survey they predicted an increase in doctors from 170 to 185 and an additional 100 new houses.	By the 1416 survey there were 457 occupied premises in the city and many of the streets were arranged much as they are today.	A survey has, unsurprisingly, shown that nonorgasmic women are less sexually active.	That activity was launched in 1979 as an activity for kids, although from 2001 is a survey open to adults too.	A 2006 survey found no individuals of the Yangtze river dolphin, which now appears to be functionally extinct.	In 1932, the Indian National Congress survey of 'all Indians outside India' estimated that there were 7,128 Indians in the United Kingdom.	A 1343 survey showed that Beaumaris needed extensive work, with several of the towers in a ruinous conditions.	Previous experience with civil engineers set Stephenson against allowing Vignoles to continue his survey and he resigned.	Survey ship HMS Bulldog has completed her final deployment, and sailed into her home port of Devonport flying her decommissioning pennant after 33 years of service.	The Domesday survey therefore recorded the names of the new holders of lands and the assessments on which their tax was to be paid.	A 2007 survey conducted at Lycoming College set out to examine the public perception of archaeology and what an archaeologist looks like.	In 1800, a survey of Dublin Bay conducted by Captain William Bligh recommended the construction of the Bull Wall.	An improvement on the one-shot survey is the single group, pretest-posttest design.	For example, in the survey conducted by the Canadian Whale Institute in 2006, three whales were detected off the peninsula.	Survey ship HMS Roebuck had barely left Devonport on her final deployment when she was involved in a rescue in stormy seas off the north-west coast of Spain.	In 2005 the Economist Intelligence Unit's quality of life survey placed Spain among the top 10 in the world.	A survey conducted by ECA International in 2011 placed Oslo as the second most expensive city in the world for living expenses after Tokyo.	In England, a survey for the British Medical Association of the general public showed overwhelming support for the tax funding of health care.	This assessment was lower than a 2000 survey, which had included lands south of the Arctic Circle.	In a broad survey of zoo animals, no relationship was found between the fertility of the animal and its life span.	A survey in 1969 found that most educated East Pakistanis preferred a secular identity and placed more emphasis on ethnicity than religion.	In New York, for example, the number of upland sandpipers declined by an estimated 84 percent from 1966 to 1995, according to the North American Breeding Bird Survey.	Further to this and with the agreement of Durham University, Historic Scotland funded a geophysical survey of Palace Green.	The survey vessel Meteor left Wilhelmshaven on 16 April 1925 with the oceanographer Alfred Merz in charge of the expedition.	Meteor was equipped with early sonar equipment with which it produced the first detailed survey of the south Atlantic Ocean floor.	A survey carried out in 2010 by global risk analysis farm Maplecroft identified 16 countries that are extremely vulnerable to climate change.	He took the island as the point of junction of his double line of longitudes setting out his survey.	The U.S. Geological Survey says mudflows from Mount Rainier would be the primary hazard to communities in the valley, including Orting, Sumner, Puyallup and Fife.	The CCG also operates all Federal scientific research and hydrographic survey vessels.	The survey provided the King with information on potential sources of funds when he needed to raise money.	In 2010, a similar survey reported the city was still the worst clone town.	I spoke with Andy Snyder from the U.S. Geological Survey about the phenomenon.	The latter species was collected only once in this survey on A. flavescens but is widespread on both tropical and temperate acacias in Australia.	A winter trapping survey on St Agnes and Gugh indicated that those islands had a population of 3,300 brown rats.	Although Penzance is not mentioned in the survey document the Domesday Book, it is likely that the area would have been included.	The access situation and the proximity of the two roads has drawn widespread criticism, highlighted by a 2006 National Geographic survey.	Geological Survey crews also observed a shift in the crater floor and on part of the 1,000-foot lava dome that essentially serves as a plug for magma, he said.	This survey may be made by perusing al Books and taking notice of all Mechanicall Inventions.	He designed the pyrometer, the mountain barometer and the large theodolites which were used in the American Coast Survey of 1815, and base-line measuring apparatus.	The area in question was roughly defined in 2010 by the U.S. geological Survey.	By the time of this great survey in 1086, Godiva had died, but her former lands are listed, although now held by others.	Survey released ahead of Tisha B'Av also finds Western Wall still considered Judaism's holiest site.	Nineteenth century map-makers had a feeling there was something more to the area when they spotted the remains of Iron Age earthworks during an Ordnance Survey expedition.	Surface survey cannot detect sites or features that are completely buried under earth, or overgrown with vegetation.	Geophysical survey can be the most effective way to see beneath the ground.	Archaeologists around the world use drones to speed up survey work and protect sites from squatters, builders and miners.	In the annual Nation Brands Index global survey, Germany became significantly and repeatedly more highly ranked after the tournament.	After a few weeks wandering the mountainous jungle terrain, we gave up our survey and declared the area not plottable.	The longitude of Rio de Janeiro was to be found and also made geological survey of a circular coral atoll in the Pacific ocean.	His original annotated survey has recently been computer redrawn and published.	From 1763 to 1767 James Cook made a detailed survey of the coasts of Newfoundland and southern Labrador while commander of the HMS Grenville.	Two of his novels, Tess of the d'Urbervilles and Far from the Madding Crowd, were listed in the top 50 on the BBC's survey The Big Read.	A Japanese survey showed that 61 percent of Japanese people reads the characters as Nihon while 37 percent reads it as Nippon.	In 2010, The Cardinall's Musick under the direction of Andrew Carwood completed their recorded survey of Byrd's Latin church music.	At the end of the 1990s, a United Nations Development Program was launched with the aim of providing a close survey of the island of Socotra.	According to a survey conducted by FIFA published in 2001, over 240 million people from more than 200 countries regularly play football.	Unfortunately, by this time, they had run out of cash and were forced to sell to pay the survey and daunting legal fees.	Honda's 9th generation Civic also won the Car of the Year award based on a public survey held by PakWheels.	The Domesday survey was an administrative catalogue of the landholdings of the kingdom, and was unique to medieval Europe.	A comprehensive survey is further complicated by sometimes contentious membership and identification.	During the survey, each locality was given an identifying abbreviation, which is given in brackets.	The survey respondents as a whole showed just how little agreement there was on the boundaries of the West.	In 2014 the OSI survey of Irish Territorial waters included the Rockall bank.	Wilson does, however, give a survey of communal property arrangements in history, not only in colonial Virginia but also ancient Sparta.	A 2006 survey found nearly 95 percent of Mississippi adults considered childhood obesity to be a serious problem.	An online survey conducted on the day the referendum result was announced indicated that this group would have voted substantially for Remain.	A survey of the types introduced in Western Europe was conducted by Adam Robert Lucas.	He was an experienced mining engineer, able to survey, sink shafts, to construct railways, tunnels and stationary engines.	Maplecroft Child Labour Index 2012 survey reports 76 countries pose extreme child labour complicity risks for companies operating worldwide.	They proceeded to gut the interior and conduct a precise survey of the whole before beginning the restoration project.	Moscow also ranked first in the 2007 edition and 2008 edition of the survey.	In 1086 William ordered the compilation of the Domesday Book, a survey listing all the landholders in England along with their holdings.	A survey in 2003 showed a doubling in the number of sites where evidence, such as spraints and footprints of these elusive animals were found.	This survey allowed the government to begin taxing landowners directly, moving it beyond dependence on revenue from crown lands.	This deployment typically consists of a frigate and a survey vessel, operating separately.	A 2013 youth survey identified reducing opportunities for young adults in the area and an intention to leave to find employment.	Vignoles went to the Isle of Man on behalf for the government to survey property.	Additionally, in 2014 a survey of 12,000 small business owners found Virginia to be one of the most friendly states for small businesses.	The local council conducted a survey of its residents to help it decide whether to go ahead with the roadside waste collection service.	In addition, the survey revealed that residents who had left the island over the past decades showed little interest in coming back.	The AAU announced several months ago that it would oversee a climate survey to avoid having to administer a federally mandated one.	To protect resident and migratory birds, BirdLife Cyprus and the RSPB survey areas of illegal trapping.	The world's largest surveyor of deepwater oil fields won a contract to conduct a survey of the French Gulf of Lion to map sand reserves.	It will take several years to evaluate the material gathered in the survey.	Cairn said it was currently running a 3-D seismic programme to survey blocks in Baffin Bay and southern Greenland.	Qualitative biological and habitat survey protocols for wadable streams and rivers.	The three British naval vessels were survey vessels and Uganda was a passenger liner.	This is the definition that is used by the UK Government's Department of Work and Pensions in its yearly survey Households below average income.	The second survey estimated that there had been 654,965 excess Iraqi deaths as a consequence of the war.	In case they hadn't noticed, Ordnance Survey beat them to the punch.	According to a 2001 survey, there were 1,863 newspapers published in Tamil, of which 353 were dailies.	A Tearfund survey in 2007 showed only one in ten Britons actually attend church weekly.	In 1991, the Serpentine Gallery presented a survey of this group of artists with the exhibition Broken English.	Martin also tested Charles on his knowledge of the Cairngorms, using his Ordnance Survey map.	In 1986, the BBC released the BBC Domesday Project, the results of a project to create a survey to mark the 900th anniversary of the original Domesday Book.	At Christmas 1085, William ordered the compilation of a survey of the landholdings held by himself and by his vassals throughout the kingdom, organised by counties.	Overton carried out a survey and planned a route from the Etherley and Witton Collieries to Shildon, and then passing to the north of Darlington to reach Stockton.	According to a BMA survey over two thirds of doctors are fairly uncomfortable or very uncomfortable about the independent sector providing NHS services.	The street curves down from Grey's Monument towards the valley of the River Tyne and was voted England's finest street in 2005 in a survey of BBC Radio 4 listeners.	Despite improvements made by the city council to build new accommodation, a survey made in 1955 concluded that 7000 houses in Portsmouth were unfit for human habitation.	This survey was introduced in 2005 in the belief that employers track graduate quality, making this a barometer of teaching quality, a famously problematic thing to measure.	However, QS state that no survey participant, academic or employer, is offered a financial incentive to respond, while no academic is able to vote for their own institution.	A survey of how Bacon's work was received over the centuries found that it often reflected the concerns and controversies that were central to his readers.	In a survey of theatre critics conducted shortly after Leigh's death, several named her performance as Lady Macbeth as one of her greatest achievements in theatre.	Cooper, who carried out a detailed hydrographic survey of the islands.	In 1909 the United States, United Kingdom and Canada signed and ratified a treaty confirming the original survey lines as the official and permanent international border.	According to a survey investigation by the sociologist Jenny Hansson, Swedish national parliamentarians have an average work week of 66 hours, including side responsibilities.	In 2016 the Scottish Social Attitudes survey found that 52 per cent of people said they are not religious, compared with 40 per cent in 1999 when the survey began.	The reports are derived from employment and payroll information reported on Treasury Form 941, Schedule A, supplemented by a special survey of selected multiemployers.	In April 2011 the RCA was ranked first on a list of UK graduate art schools compiled by Modern Painters magazine from a survey of professionals in the art world.	From the parapets, guards could survey the surrounding land.	A 2009 survey in cooperation with the Czech Economic Association found that the majority of Czech economists favour continued liberalization in most sectors of the economy.	There are nationally important horse mussel and brittlestar beds in the sea lochs and in 2012 a bed of 100 million flame shells was found during a survey of Loch Alsh.	Most people responding to the radio station's survey were nonlisteners.	One year after Congress passed the 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act preventing the harming or harassing of seals, a survey of the entire Maine coast found only 30 grey seals.	While original survey methods were largely manual, the current surveying task is simplified by the use of GPS technology, allowing the most precise surveying standards yet.	Tappan gave a survey of dinoflagellates with internal skeletons.	In 1994, in collaboration with the University of Patras, a magnetometer survey was carried out in the midplain of the delta, which revealed the outlines of a buried building.	The port is used by all nature of vessels from commercial ships such as bulkers, tankers, container carriers car carriers, survey and Reefers etc.
English	Polish	omission	pominiêcie	A final omission from Frank's work is a discussion of her role as an academic.	His disillusionment began when he was a surprise omission from the Brisbane test against Australia in November despite some sharp leadup spells.	In view of the role played by aneuploidy in carcinogenesis and in human reproductive failure, this omission is perhaps surprising.	He was passed fit to play in the final Test, so it's a stretch to imagine his omission from the ODI squad is injury-related.	Its omission from my column last week changed the meaning of that column entirely.	Yet such analysis has not so far been undertaken and is a notable omission from the Intergovernmental Report on Climate Change.	The projects omission from the latest announcement of Government funding for new schools has left St Patrick's Secondary School in a predicament.	His latest omission from the national squad came in the autumn even though his form at club level was good.	This implies that you read omission to mean failure where you ought to have done something.	Nor does this story of epic battles run to a single decent sword-fight, a truly astonishing omission.	By this type of omission, the true nature of the human fossil record continues to be the best-kept secret in modern paleoanthropology.	Transformants were streaked on appropriate omission medium and single colonies were picked for further analysis.	We say that the liability resulted from the acts or omissions of negligence and the act or omission in relation to the trespass.	There was no physical act on the part of D which caused the injury but rather an omission, i.e. his failure to apply the handbrake.	There may well have been reasons for this omission in the context of the entire trial.	Rearrangement of problematic chords or omission of doubled notes is worth consideration.	But their failure to consider environmental issues must be reckoned a serious omission.	The authors would like to express regret in the inadvertent omission of these acknowledgements.	After the Law Reform Act 1996, it is not necessary that the death takes place within a year and a day of the unlawful act or omission.	Still others prefer a middle option that keeps the apostrophe for omission and elision but drops it for plurality and possession.	Despite the few shortcomings mentioned here and the roaring omission, this new disc from Universal was certainly worth the wait.	A major omission seems to be the investigation for an auricular origin of the cough, particularly in children.	In the days following, some commentators took note of this glaring omission.	In this video, a pigeon that has initially undergone autoshaping training is placed on an omission schedule.	The family guilty of such an omission would be held in disgrace and contempt pending the intervention of lineage or clan members.	Still except for sundry exceptions of inadequate transference and omission, he renders them competently.	I will therefore place on record the circumstances which, to the best of my belief, were the cause of this omission.	As a general rule, however, there is no liability in tortious negligence for an omission, unless the defendant is under some pre-existing duty.	But she apologised for an omission by the assistant director who failed to disclose the discovery of pupa shells in public pools.	A notable omission from this miscellany of singers is of course, the castrato.	So there is a glaring omission of both countries in dealing with this tactical nuclear weapon question which is on both sides.	The other twelve were Iraqis but were not identified as such, a telling omission.	Logic is turned upside down and instead of being punished for their crimes of omission they reap their due reward.	Generally with the media it's always the sins of omission, not the sins of commission, that are the more grave.	And should my sin of commission or omission create employment, I do not even need to be acquitted.	This omission is, I suspect, tied to Naugle's less than satisfactory presentation of Wittgenstein, whom he dismisses as a relativist and fideist.	The sins of omission are always worse than the sins of commission in journalism.	But while we are apologizing for past misdeeds, isn't it time to offer preemptive apologies for our current sins of omission and commission?	Misrepresentation is falsehood or omission of facts in relation to an investment.	The Swedish manager of the time was Ole Nordin and the unmannerly snub clearly still rankles as much as his omission.	In addressing causation following a negligent omission, two questions arise.	Perhaps a belief that everyone would assume this was undertaken explains its omission from the final trial report.	Allowing for the omission of vowels and the unknown letter, surely this was Rameses.	Their books use hackneyed plotlines, stock characters, and omission of inconvenient facts.	The omission was not only noticed by quiet observers but triggered general audience murmur well before the show's half-way mark.	The omission referred to as haplography occurs when text is missing owing to lines which have a similar ending in a manuscript.	An omission from a police report is not a false police report under California law.	It always appeared to me to be a glaring omission from the very first legislation put before the House.	Therefore, while regrettable, the omission in my view is immaterial in these circumstances.	And the omission or derision of dads in the parent blogosphere is a perennial pet peeve.	For homicides where the act causing death was committed after 17 June 1996, the rule that death must occur within a year and a day of such act or omission has been abolished.	The omission of a discussion of the basics of oil and tempera painting is not the only place where the book seems to address an informed, if not specialist audience.	Besides the sins of omission, there are also sins of commission.	War and rumors of war are matters of judgments of past failures by all, of sins of commission and omission, of what has been done and what has been left undone.	Whether the lack of liberal involvement in the museum is the result of commission or omission, it is puzzling.	Boston College was the glaring omission from this year's tourney.	That omission from the curriculum might have had tragic consequences.	I do not, for example, unfold my handkerchief before putting it in my pocket in the mornings, and apparently by this omission I am taking quite a risk.	It's as clear an example in recent memory of committing bias by omission.	This type of case is complicated by the fact that the key element in D's conduct is an omission, the failure to alert V to the fact that the normal assumptions were untrue.	A glaring omission, though, is the lack of a hawsepipe or hawsehole.	A quick look at the Club's website highlights a glaring omission.	Insulin omission, which is recognised as a purging behaviour in the DSM-IV criteria, was the most common weight loss method after dieting among the diabetic subjects.	Because there has been no k in the word for over 700 years, representing its omission with an apostrophe seems pointless.	Yet, in spite of the mouthsome hyphenates into which his thoroughness tempted him, Polonius was guilty of a grave omission.	Anecdotal heresay about the omission of Fowler, the playing of players out of position.	By omission, the Court essentially allows the prohibition to stand.	Oregon became a state two years later, and for most of two centuries the omission has gone unregretted.	The style was geometrical at first and flowing in the later period, owing to the omission of the circles in the window tracery.	It may be accomplished by an action, by threat of action, or exceptionally, by an omission to act, which is a legal duty to act.	For instance, not giving food is an omission rather than an act, but as a parent one has a duty to feed one's children.	The scarcity of new PhDs in science and engineering fields from the University of Zimbabwe in 2013 was symptomatic of this omission.	Evidence of the former's influence includes emphasis on politics, use of archaisms, character analysis, and selective omission of details.	An omission can be criminal if there is a statute that requires one to act.	Another seemingly important omission is that the laws never mention the High King of Ireland centred at Tara.	Thus, the Court cannot set aside a statutory power, but can deal with situations where the law is silent, or where there is an omission in statute.	The uthors then had to quantify the compounds suspected of giving the kokumi taste and evaluate their potential contribution by recombination and omission sensory studies.	What none would dispute though many smiled over was the good-humored, necessary, yet quaint omission of the writer's name from the whole consideration.	The Nordic version presents a complete, direct narrative of the events in Thomas' Tristan, with the telling omission of his numerous interpretive diversions.	Criminally negligent manslaughter occurs where there is an omission to act when there is a duty to do so, or a failure to perform a duty owed, which leads to a death.	Causalism and Intentional Omission, JOSHUA SHEPHERDThis paper considers the prospects for causalism about intentional omission, examining two recent proposals.	These legacies were never paid in full, an omission which further widened the gap between him and his siblings.	The omission illustrates his carelessness in respect to the chronicling of his deeds, his heedlessness as to fame and glory.	Deep would answer to deep, rocambole to M. Lecoq, in protesting against such an omission of their manufacturers.	I was not so tutored merely for the sake of repairing a grave omission in my education.	Such verses, however, may also be looked upon as instances of the omission of anacrusis combined with epic caesura.	One other omission in this operation is that of the bursal flap over the raw end.	I presume this is an omission by mere oversight, and I recommend that it be supplied by an amendatory or Supplemental Act.	Yet this omission of the only important problem was not the fault of the preacher.	The caret is used to mark the omission of a letter or word or a number of words.	The above examples illustrate the use of the caret with the omission of a letter, a word or phrase.	Wrote to the Blackfriars bi-weekly News, pointing out their omission.	And will you consent to dispense with a great many conventional forms and phrases, without thinking that the omission arises from insolence?	Izz mentioned the omission of the banns to Mrs Crick, and Mrs Crick assumed a matron's privilege of speaking to Angel on the point.	Tom turned in without the added vexation of prayers, and Sid made mental note of the omission.	A single omission, insertion, or transposition counts as an error.	The rest whispered, whenever they could decently do so, about a strange omission in the arrangements.	Henri's exercise, and, spectacles on nose, I endeavoured to decipher in her countenance her sentiments at the omission.	It really isn't at all necessary, so the omission need not count.	In printed matter usually the asterisks are used to indicate an omission.	The omission was brought to our attention by a sharp-eyed reader.	As writers of travels among barbarous communities are generally very diffuse on these subjects, he deems it right to advert to what may be considered a culpable omission.
